ent1x01
=======

:: Title
Broken Bow

:: Date
2001-09-26

:: Description
Enterprise (NX-01) is launched, and Captain Archer finds himself in the middle
of a Temporal Cold War involving Klingons and Suliban.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x02
=======

:: Title
Broken Bow

:: Date
2001-09-26

:: Description
Enterprise (NX-01) is launched, and Captain Archer finds himself in the middle
of a Temporal Cold War involving Klingons and Suliban.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x03
=======

:: Title
Fight or Flight

:: Date
2001-10-03

:: Description
Ensign Sato faces her fears on an alien ship whose crew was murdered, while
Lieutenant Reed tries to upgrade the ship's defense system.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x04
=======

:: Title
Strange New World

:: Date
2001-10-10

:: Description
A storm traps an away team in a cave on an alien world, and pollen spores
cause them to experience psychosis.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x05
=======

:: Title
Unexpected

:: Date
2001-10-17

:: Description
Commander Tucker helps an alien crew fix their engines, has an "interspecies
encounter" in a holodeck, and returns to find himself pregnant.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x06
=======

:: Title
Terra Nova

:: Date
2001-10-24

:: Description
Enterprise is sent to learn what happened to an early Human colony called
Terra Nova.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x07
=======

:: Title
The Andorian Incident

:: Date
2001-10-31

:: Description
Captain Archer, Commander Tucker, and Sub-Commander T'Pol are taken hostage by
Andorians in a Vulcan monastery called P'Jem.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Fred
Dekker.


ent1x08
=======

:: Title
Breaking the Ice

:: Date
2001-11-07

:: Description
Lieutenant Reed and Ensign Mayweather extract a rare chemical on a comet while
Sub-Commander T'Pol considers marriage to Koss.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Andre Jaquemetton & Maria Jaquemetton.


ent1x09
=======

:: Title
Civilization

:: Date
2001-11-14

:: Description
Captain Archer and an away team go undercover to a pre-industrial civilization
in order to investigate an unexpected sensor reading.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Mike Sussman & Phyllis Strong.


ent1x10
=======

:: Title
Fortunate Son

:: Date
2001-11-21

:: Description
The cargo ship Fortunate is damaged by Nausicaan pirates and Enterprise offers
a helping hand, only to find the acting-captain has secret plans.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: James Duff.


ent1x11
=======

:: Title
Cold Front

:: Date
2001-11-28

:: Description
Captain Archer learns that Crewman Daniels is covertly helping to fight the
Temporal Cold War against Silik and members of the Suliban Cabal.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Stephen Beck & Tim Finch.


ent1x12
=======

:: Title
Silent Enemy

:: Date
2002-01-16

:: Description
Ensign Sato tries to find out what Lieutenant Reed's favorite food is, while
Captain Archer deals with a secretive and aggressive alien first contact.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: André Bormanis.


ent1x13
=======

:: Title
Dear Doctor

:: Date
2002-01-23

:: Description
Doctor Phlox and Captain Archer must decide the fate of two species suffering
from an evolutionary pandemic.

Directed by: James A. Contner. Story by: Andre Jaquemetton & Maria
Jaquemetton.


ent1x14
=======

:: Title
Sleeping Dogs

:: Date
2002-01-30

:: Description
Ensign Sato, Lieutenant Reed and Sub-Commander T'Pol attempt to help an
unresponsive Klingon ship escape the crushing pressures of a gas giant.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Fred Dekker.


ent1x15
=======

:: Title
Shadows of P'Jem

:: Date
2002-02-06

:: Description
Sub-Commander T'Pol is recalled to Vulcan. During her final away mission, she
and Captain Archer are kidnapped, leading to another confrontation between
Vulcans and Andorians.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x16
=======

:: Title
Shuttlepod One

:: Date
2002-02-13

:: Description
After finding debris from Enterprise, Lieutenant Reed and Commander Tucker are
stranded in a shuttlepod far from help.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x17
=======

:: Title
Fusion

:: Date
2002-02-27

:: Description
Enterprise encounters a crew of emotional Vulcans; Sub-Commander T'Pol
experiences an illicit mind meld, with unsettling results.

Directed by: Rob Heddon. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x18
=======

:: Title
Rogue Planet

:: Date
2002-03-20

:: Description
Enterprise finds a sunless solitary planet with a small group of aliens who
are hunting "wraiths", an indigenous telepathic and shape-shifting species.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Chris
Black.


ent1x19
=======

:: Title
Acquisition

:: Date
2002-03-27

:: Description
A group of Ferengi hijack Enterprise, but Commander Tucker, Captain Archer and
Sub-Commander T'Pol resist the pirates in order to win back their ship.

Directed by: James Whitmore, Jr. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x20
=======

:: Title
Oasis

:: Date
2002-04-03

:: Description
Captain Archer and an away team find a mysterious crew apparently alive on a
ship that crash-landed years ago.

Directed by: Jim Charleston. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Stephen
Beck.


ent1x21
=======

:: Title
Detained

:: Date
2002-04-24

:: Description
Captain Archer and Ensign Mayweather find themselves imprisoned in a Suliban
internment camp run by the Tandarans.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x22
=======

:: Title
Vox Sola

:: Date
2002-05-01

:: Description
A strange, symbiotic alien creature boards Enterprise and starts kidnapping
members of the crew.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Fred
Dekker.


ent1x23
=======

:: Title
Fallen Hero

:: Date
2002-05-08

:: Description
Enterprise finds itself under attack while transporting a controversial Vulcan
ambassador.

Directed by: Patrick Norris. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Chris
Black.


ent1x24
=======

:: Title
Desert Crossing

:: Date
2002-05-08

:: Description
Commander Tucker and Captain Archer are invited to a desert planet by a man
named Zobral, only to discover that he has ulterior motives.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & André
Bormanis.


ent1x25
=======

:: Title
Two Days and Two Nights

:: Date
2002-05-15

:: Description
Enterprise finally arrives for shore leave on Risa. While there, the crew
experience more than they are later willing to admit.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent1x26
=======

:: Title
Shockwave, Part I

:: Date
2002-05-22

:: Description
Enterprise is recalled to Earth after the crew is blamed for the accidental
destruction of a colony world. En route, it is hijacked by Suliban and Captain
Archer is trapped in the future.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x01
=======

:: Title
Shockwave, Part II

:: Date
2002-09-18

:: Description
As a group of Suliban take over Enterprise, Captain Archer tries to return to
the 22nd century.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x02
=======

:: Title
Carbon Creek

:: Date
2002-09-25

:: Description
Sub-Commander T'Pol relates the tale of a Vulcan crew stranded on Earth in the
1950s.

Directed by: James A. Contner. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Dan
O'Shannon.


ent2x03
=======

:: Title
Minefield

:: Date
2002-10-02

:: Description
Enterprise snags a cloaked mine and Lieutenant Reed and Captain Archer race to
disable it during first contact with the Romulan Star Empire.

Directed by: James A. Contner. Story by: John Shiban.


ent2x04
=======

:: Title
Dead Stop

:: Date
2002-10-09

:: Description
Heavily damaged by the Romulan mine, Enterprise is repaired by an unmanned and
automated sentient alien repair station.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Mike Sussman & Phyllis Strong.


ent2x05
=======

:: Title
A Night In Sickbay

:: Date
2002-10-16

:: Description
The Captain's beagle, Porthos, becomes ill from an alien pathogen, and Captain
Archer frets in Sickbay waiting for him to recover.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x06
=======

:: Title
Marauders

:: Date
2002-10-30

:: Description
Captain Archer barters for deuterium from a mining colony plagued by Klingon
marauders, who are seeking deuterium as well.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x07
=======

:: Title
The Seventh

:: Date
2002-11-06

:: Description
Sub-Commander T'Pol is reactivated as a Vulcan intelligence agent, reawakening
a dark secret from her past.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x08
=======

:: Title
The Communicator

:: Date
2002-11-13

:: Description
After an away mission, Lieutenant Reed discovers that his communicator was
lost on a pre-warp planet; he and Captain Archer are then captured trying to
retrieve it.

Directed by: James A. Contner. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x09
=======

:: Title
Singularity

:: Date
2002-11-20

:: Description
Enterprise charts a course through a trinary star system to investigate a
black hole, and the crew find themselves suffering from a condition similar to
OCD.

Directed by: Patrick Norris. Story by: Chris Black.


ent2x10
=======

:: Title
Vanishing Point

:: Date
2002-11-27

:: Description
After her first trip through the transporter, Ensign Sato finds herself
becoming incorporeal, with the crew believing she has perished.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x11
=======

:: Title
Precious Cargo

:: Date
2002-12-11

:: Description
While answering a distress call, Commander Tucker is kidnapped along with a
demanding alien princess.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x12
=======

:: Title
The Catwalk

:: Date
2002-12-18

:: Description
The Enterprise crew takes refuge inside one of the warp nacelles to avoid an
inescapable radiation belt.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Mike Sussman & Phyllis Strong.


ent2x13
=======

:: Title
Dawn

:: Date
2003-01-08

:: Description
Commander Tucker is fired upon by an Arkonian ship and is then stranded on a
planet with his attacker.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: John Shiban.


ent2x14
=======

:: Title
Stigma

:: Date
2003-02-05

:: Description
Sub-Commander T'Pol learns she has Pa'nar Syndrome, contracted from her mind
meld in "Fusion", and faces being ostracized by Vulcan society.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x15
=======

:: Title
Cease Fire

:: Date
2003-02-12

:: Description
Captain Archer negotiates a cease fire between the Andorians and the Vulcans.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Chris Black.


ent2x16
=======

:: Title
Future Tense

:: Date
2003-02-19

:: Description
Enterprise finds a derelict ship, only to be attacked by both Suliban and
Tholian ships.

Directed by: James Whitmore, Jr. Story by: Mike Sussman & Phyllis Strong.


ent2x17
=======

:: Title
Canamar

:: Date
2003-02-26

:: Description
Mistaken as smugglers, Captain Archer and Commander Tucker find themselves on
a prisoner transport ship.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: John Shiban.


ent2x18
=======

:: Title
The Crossing

:: Date
2003-04-02

:: Description
Incorporeal aliens attempt to take over Enterprise.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga and André
Bormanis.


ent2x19
=======

:: Title
Judgment

:: Date
2003-04-09

:: Description
Captain Archer is arrested and imprisoned by the Klingons for allegedly
conspiring against the Empire.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Taylor Elmore and David A. Goodman.


ent2x20
=======

:: Title
Horizon

:: Date
2003-04-16

:: Description
After the death of his father, Ensign Mayweather visits his family on their
cargo ship and begins to reconsider his place aboard Enterprise.

Directed by: James A. Contner. Story by: André Bormanis.


ent2x21
=======

:: Title
The Breach

:: Date
2003-04-23

:: Description
Due to the demands of a militant faction, Enterprise is asked to retrieve
Denobulan geologists from an alien cave. Dr. Phlox must treat a patient with
racist views against his people.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Daniel McCarthy.


ent2x22
=======

:: Title
Cogenitor

:: Date
2003-04-30

:: Description
Enterprise encounters the Vissians and Commander Tucker finds himself troubled
by the fact the Vissians are a three-sexed species.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x23
=======

:: Title
Regeneration

:: Date
2003-05-07

:: Description
A group of Borg (from Star Trek: First Contact) are revived after a century
frozen in the Arctic ice.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Mike Sussman & Phyllis Strong.


ent2x24
=======

:: Title
First Flight

:: Date
2003-05-14

:: Description
Upon the death of a close friend, Captain Archer tells Sub-Commander T'Pol
about his early career as an experimental warp engine pilot.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: John Shiban & Chris Black.


ent2x25
=======

:: Title
Bounty

:: Date
2003-05-14

:: Description
A Tellarite captures Captain Archer in order to collect a reward from the
Klingons who have been searching for him since the events of "Judgment".

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent2x26
=======

:: Title
The Expanse

:: Date
2003-05-21

:: Description
After an alien attack on Earth, Enterprise is refitted before being sent into
the Delphic Expanse. Sub-Commander T'Pol resigns her commission with the
Vulcan High Command, and Commander Tucker is troubled by the death of his
sister.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent3x01
=======

:: Title
The Xindi

:: Date
2003-09-10

:: Description
Captain Archer and Lieutenant Reed visit a mining facility in order to track
down a Xindi.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent3x02
=======

:: Title
Anomaly

:: Date
2003-09-17

:: Description
The crew of Enterprise encounters the rigours of the Delphic Expanse first-
hand, and deal with pirates operating from a giant cloaked alien sphere.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent3x03
=======

:: Title
Extinction

:: Date
2003-09-24

:: Description
While pursuing the Xindi, three crew members are exposed to an alien virus and
begin to mutate into Loque'eque, a long-dead alien race.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: André Bormanis.


ent3x04
=======

:: Title
Rajiin

:: Date
2003-10-01

:: Description
A slave girl Archer rescues from an alien bazaar seeks refuge aboard
Enterprise but betrays the crew instead.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Paul Brown & Brent V. Friedman.


ent3x05
=======

:: Title
Impulse

:: Date
2003-10-08

:: Description
Enterprise encounters a Vulcan ship whose crew has become unstable due to
Trellium-D exposure. Sub-Commander T'Pol soon begins to exhibit the same
symptoms.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jonathan Fernandez & Terry Matalas.


ent3x06
=======

:: Title
Exile

:: Date
2003-10-15

:: Description
A Beauty and the Beast-like tale involving Ensign Sato encountering a
potentially helpful telepathic on a deserted world.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Phyllis Strong.


ent3x07
=======

:: Title
The Shipment

:: Date
2003-10-29

:: Description
Captain Archer learns of kemocite, a key element in a new weapon being built
to destroy Earth, and seeks to follow its supply to the superweapon.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Chris Black & Brent V. Friedman.


ent3x08
=======

:: Title
Twilight

:: Date
2003-11-05

:: Description
A parasite causes Captain Archer to lose his short-term memory, and he (with
the help of T'Pol and Doctor Phlox) seeks a way to change the past.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent3x09
=======

:: Title
North Star

:: Date
2003-11-12

:: Description
Investigating a planet found to be inhabited by humans, the crew find a town
resembling the American "Old West".

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: David A. Goodman.


ent3x10
=======

:: Title
Similitude

:: Date
2003-11-19

:: Description
Commander Tucker becomes comatose after an accident, and a rapid-growing clone
is created for the purpose of harvesting brain tissue.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent3x11
=======

:: Title
Carpenter Street

:: Date
2003-11-26

:: Description
With the help of Temporal Agent Daniels, Captain Archer and Sub-Commander
T'Pol go back to 2004 Detroit to stop a group of Reptilians releasing a
biological weapon.TCW

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent3x12
=======

:: Title
Chosen Realm

:: Date
2004-01-14

:: Description
Religious zealots seek to execute Captain Archer, for supposed acts of sphere
desecration, after hijacking Enterprise.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent3x13
=======

:: Title
Proving Ground

:: Date
2004-01-21

:: Description
Xindi scientists test their new, planet-killing weapon in an asteroid field as
Captain Archer is suddenly assisted by Andorians in the Delphic Expanse.Fed

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Chris Black.


ent3x14
=======

:: Title
Stratagem

:: Date
2004-02-04

:: Description
A Xindi scientist, Degra, is tricked into giving Captain Archer information
about the location of the new superweapon.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Terry Matalas.


ent3x15
=======

:: Title
Harbinger

:: Date
2004-02-11

:: Description
Enterprise encounters a dying alien, one of the Sphere Builders, for the first
time.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent3x16
=======

:: Title
Doctor's Orders

:: Date
2004-02-18

:: Description
As Enterprise passes through a "trans-dimensional disturbance," the crew is
put into hibernation, leaving Doctor Phlox in control of the ship.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Chris Black.


ent3x17
=======

:: Title
Hatchery

:: Date
2004-02-25

:: Description
Captain Archer becomes overly protective of an Insectoid hatchery, to the
point of endangering their mission.

Directed by: Michael Grossman. Story by: André Bormanis & Mike Sussman.


ent3x18
=======

:: Title
Azati Prime

:: Date
2004-03-03

:: Description
Finding the superweapon on Azati Prime, Captain Archer embarks on a suicide
mission to destroy it, and Enterprise suffers a devastating attack by the
Xindi.TCW Fed

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga & Manny Coto.


ent3x19
=======

:: Title
Damage

:: Date
2004-04-21

:: Description
Enterprise, now heavily damaged, seeks a warp coil from an alien vessel but is
forced to steal it.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Phyllis Strong.


ent3x20
=======

:: Title
The Forgotten

:: Date
2004-04-28

:: Description
Captain Archer deals with the loss of 18 crew members and continues
negotiations with two of the five Xindi species.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Chris Black & David A. Goodman.


ent3x21
=======

:: Title
E²

:: Date
2004-05-05

:: Description
The Enterprise crew meet their own descendants from an alternate timeline in
the past.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent3x22
=======

:: Title
The Council

:: Date
2004-05-12

:: Description
Captain Archer speaks at the Xindi Council, sparking a civil war for control
of the superweapon.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent3x23
=======

:: Title
Countdown

:: Date
2004-05-19

:: Description
Captain Archer seeks the support of the Aquatics in order to tip the war in
their favor.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: André Bormanis & Chris Black.


ent3x24
=======

:: Title
Zero Hour

:: Date
2004-05-26

:: Description
The final showdown with the Reptilians and their Guardian allies occurs.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


ent4x01
=======

:: Title
Storm Front, Part I

:: Date
2004-10-08

:: Description
After destroying the Xindi weapon, Enterprise finds itself in the 20th century
during World War II with Nazis in control of the North Eastern USA.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x02
=======

:: Title
Storm Front, Part II

:: Date
2004-10-15

:: Description
Archer joins Silik to stop the alien Nazis, restore the timeline and end the
Temporal Cold War.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x03
=======

:: Title
Home

:: Date
2004-10-22

:: Description
Enterprise is welcomed home after saving Earth and the crew takes a much
needed vacation. Tucker & T'Pol visit Vulcan where T'Pol must consider
marriage to Koss. Erika Hernandez becomes captain of the Columbia and renews
her acquaintance with Archer. Phlox encounters prejudice on Earth.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent4x04
=======

:: Title
Borderland

:: Date
2004-10-29

:: Description
Dr. Arik Soong restores his relationship with his genetically-enhanced
"children," Augments.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ken LaZebnik.


ent4x05
=======

:: Title
Cold Station 12

:: Date
2004-11-05

:: Description
A space station crew is held hostage as Dr. Arik Soong and his Augments work
to obtain hundreds of Augment embryos in hopes of creating an Augment
population.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Michael Bryant.


ent4x06
=======

:: Title
The Augments

:: Date
2004-11-12

:: Description
Dr. Arik Soong finds himself overthrown as "father" of the Augments and Archer
rushes to prevent the destruction of a Klingon colony. As a result of his
dashed hopes of enhancing humans, Soong turns in a new direction of research.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent4x07
=======

:: Title
The Forge

:: Date
2004-11-19

:: Description
Earth's embassy on Vulcan is partially destroyed by a bomb, killing Admiral
Forrest. Archer & T'Pol travel to Vulcan in search of an alleged terrorist
group blamed for the explosion, of which T'Pol's mother is a member.

Directed by: Michael Grossman. Story by: Garfield Reeves-Stevens & Judith
Reeves-Stevens.


ent4x08
=======

:: Title
Awakening

:: Date
2004-11-26

:: Description
Archer & T'Pol find T'Pau and T'Pol's mother and learn that Archer is carrying
Surak's katra.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: André Bormanis.


ent4x09
=======

:: Title
Kir'Shara

:: Date
2004-12-03

:: Description
Archer and T'Pol bring back the Kir'Shara (Surak's artifact) that will lead to
vast changes in the Vulcan world. T'Pol's Pa'nar Syndrome is cured by T'Pau.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent4x10
=======

:: Title
Daedalus

:: Date
2005-01-14

:: Description
Dr. Emory Erickson, inventor of the transporter, conducts a long-range
experiment in order to recover his lost son.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Michael Bryant & Ken LaZebnik.


ent4x11
=======

:: Title
Observer Effect

:: Date
2005-01-21

:: Description
Organians test the Enterprise crew by observing their reactions to a deadly
silicon-based infection.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Garfield Reeves-Stevens & Judith Reeves-
Stevens.


ent4x12
=======

:: Title
Babel One

:: Date
2005-01-28

:: Description
Andorians threaten war on the Tellarites after apparently being attacked by a
Tellarite vessel en route to trade talks.

Directed by: David Straiton. Story by: Mike Sussman & André Bormanis.


ent4x13
=======

:: Title
United

:: Date
2005-02-04

:: Description
Archer and Shran engage in mortal combat as Archer tries to unite the
Andorians and Tellarites who are being set at each other's throats by a
remote-controlled Romulan vessel.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x14
=======

:: Title
The Aenar

:: Date
2005-02-11

:: Description
The drone Romulan ship that attacked the Andorians is under the control of an
Aenar, an offshoot race of the Andorians. Archer and Shran join forces to
rescue the Aenar and stop the Romulan plot.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x15
=======

:: Title
Affliction

:: Date
2005-02-18

:: Description
Phlox is kidnapped by the Klingons who are seeking to cure a disease caused by
an attempt to create Klingon/Augment hybrids; T'Pol's mental abilities grow
after she conducts her first mind meld.

Directed by: Michael Grossman. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x16
=======

:: Title
Divergence

:: Date
2005-02-25

:: Description
With the Columbia's help, the Enterprise crew grapples with sabotage to their
ship as they pursue the truth behind the kidnapping of Phlox. The disease is
cured, but genetic mutations will make many Klingons appear human-like for
generations to come.

Directed by: David Barrett. Story by: Garfield Reeves-Stevens & Judith Reeves-
Stevens.


ent4x17
=======

:: Title
Bound

:: Date
2005-04-15

:: Description
As a gift for negotiating with the Orion Syndicate, Archer receives three
Orion Slave Girls, but these "gifts" have their own agenda. Meanwhile, Trip
and T'Pol come to terms with the psychic bond that has been created between
them.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x18
=======

:: Title
In a Mirror, Darkly, Part I

:: Date
2005-04-22

:: Description
In the Mirror Universe, Commander Archer mutinies against Captain Forrest in
order to capture a future Earth ship found in Tholian space.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Mike Sussman.


ent4x19
=======

:: Title
In a Mirror, Darkly, Part II

:: Date
2005-04-29

:: Description
In the Mirror Universe, Archer commandeers the 23rd-century Defiant from the
Tholians and uses it in a nefarious power grab.

Directed by: Marvin V. Rush. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x20
=======

:: Title
Demons

:: Date
2005-05-06

:: Description
A xenophobic faction of humanity threatens to undermine talks to form a new
coalition of planets.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Manny Coto.


ent4x21
=======

:: Title
Terra Prime

:: Date
2005-05-13

:: Description
A human isolationist leader threatens to destroy Starfleet Command unless all
aliens leave Earth immediately. His bargaining tool: a baby cloned from DNA
belonging to Trip and T'Pol.

Directed by: Marvin V. Rush. Story by: Judith Reeves-Stevens & Garfield
Reeves-Stevens & Andre Bormanis.


ent4x22
=======

:: Title
These Are the Voyages...

:: Date
2005-05-13

:: Description
Two centuries in the future, two crew members of the USS Enterprise
(NCC-1701-D) (Commander William Riker and Counselor Deanna Troi) observe a
holodeck creation of the final voyage of the NX-01 in 2161 (six years after
the events of "Terra Prime") as it returns to Earth for decommissioning and
the signing of the United Federation of Planets charter.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga.


