ds91x01
=======

:: Title
Emissary

:: Description
A new crew is assigned to a former Cardassian space station: Deep Space Nine.
It is a joint Federation/Bajoran force, with Commander Sisko in charge, but
his life is dramatically changed when he is declared the Emissary to the
Prophets by a Bajoran priest.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller.

:: Date
1993-01-03


ds91x02
=======

:: Title
Emissary

:: Description
A new crew is assigned to a former Cardassian space station: Deep Space Nine.
It is a joint Federation/Bajoran force, with Commander Sisko in charge, but
his life is dramatically changed when he is declared the Emissary to the
Prophets by a Bajoran priest.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller.

:: Date
1993-01-03


ds91x03
=======

:: Title
Past Prologue

:: Description
A Bajoran terrorist with ties to Kira arrives on Deep Space Nine and is
pursued by the Cardassians. Garak is introduced.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Katharyn Powers.

:: Date
1993-01-10


ds91x04
=======

:: Title
A Man Alone

:: Description
Odo is accused of the murder of a Bajoran murderer.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Gerald Sanford & Michael Piller.

:: Date
1993-01-17


ds91x05
=======

:: Title
Babel

:: Description
A mysterious virus plagues the station, causing speech distortions and
eventually death.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Sally Caves & Ira Steven Behr.

:: Date
1993-01-24


ds91x06
=======

:: Title
Captive Pursuit

:: Description
O'Brien befriends an alien from the Gamma Quadrant who is being hunted.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Jill Sherman Donner.

:: Date
1993-01-31


ds91x07
=======

:: Title
Q-Less

:: Description
Q and Vash arrive on Deep Space Nine. However, Vash has realized the annoyance
of Q and wants him to leave her alone.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Hannah Louise Shearer.

:: Date
1993-02-07


ds91x08
=======

:: Title
Dax

:: Description
Jadzia Dax is accused of a murder committed by her symbiont in another
lifetime.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1993-02-14


ds91x09
=======

:: Title
The Passenger

:: Description
A sinister criminal is hiding in the mind of someone on Deep Space Nine, but
Bashir struggles to understand how it works.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Morgan Gendel.

:: Date
1993-02-21


ds91x10
=======

:: Title
Move Along Home

:: Description
Quark is forced to play a game by the Wadi, a newly encountered species, and
the lives of the crew depend on the outcome.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Michael Piller.

:: Date
1993-03-14


ds91x11
=======

:: Title
The Nagus

:: Description
Quark is named as the head of the Ferengi Alliance by Grand Nagus Zek, but he
is now surrounded by enemies.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: David Livingston.

:: Date
1993-03-21


ds91x12
=======

:: Title
Vortex

:: Description
Odo discovers he might not be the only one of his kind when a visitor from the
Gamma Quadrant claims he can contact Odo's people.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Sam Rolfe.

:: Date
1993-04-18


ds91x13
=======

:: Title
Battle Lines

:: Description
The spiritual leader of Bajor, Kai Opaka, travels with Sisko on a trip to the
Gamma Quadrant but is stranded with him on a world where the dead are
resurrected.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Date
1993-04-25


ds91x14
=======

:: Title
The Storyteller

:: Description
O'Brien is recruited to save a Bajoran village from destruction by a
mysterious cloud creature.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Kurt Michael Bensmiller.

:: Date
1993-05-02


ds91x15
=======

:: Title
Progress

:: Description
Kira has to deal with a stubborn farmer (Brian Keith) who refuses to leave his
home even though it is slated for demolition.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1993-05-09


ds91x16
=======

:: Title
If Wishes Were Horses

:: Description
Deep Space Nine is put in jeopardy when the crew's thoughts manifest
themselves, and such figures as Rumpelstiltskin appear.

Directed by: Robert Legato. Story by: Nell McCue Crawford & William L.
Crawford.

:: Date
1993-05-16


ds91x17
=======

:: Title
The Forsaken

:: Description
The Federation ambassador from Betazed, Lwaxana Troi, visits the station, and
develops an affection for Odo.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jim Trombetta.

:: Date
1993-05-23


ds91x18
=======

:: Title
Dramatis Personae

:: Description
A Klingon ship comes through the wormhole and explodes. A mutiny is
considered.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Date
1993-05-30


ds91x19
=======

:: Title
Duet

:: Description
A visiting Cardassian, Marritza, may in fact be the notorious war criminal Gul
Darhe'el, butcher of Gallitep Labor camp, and Kira is determined to bring him
down.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Lisa Rich & Jeanne Carrigan-Fauci.

:: Date
1993-06-13


ds91x20
=======

:: Title
In the Hands of the Prophets

:: Description
Friction escalates when Vedek Winn arrives on Deep Space Nine and discovers
schoolteacher Keiko O'Brien is teaching about aliens in the Bajoran wormhole.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1993-06-20


ds92x01
=======

:: Title
The Homecoming

:: Description
Quark gives Kira a Bajoran earring he claims was sent as a message from a
Cardassian mining planet.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Jeri Taylor and Ira Steven Behr.

:: Date
1993-09-26


ds92x02
=======

:: Title
The Circle

:: Description
The Circle attempts to topple the Bajoran government, but there is more to the
situation than meets the eye.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1993-10-03


ds92x03
=======

:: Title
The Siege

:: Description
Sisko and Li Nalas help stop Deep Space Nine from being commandeered by the
Bajorans, while Kira and Dax try to put an end to the Circle by presenting
evidence that Minister Jaro is being backed by the Cardassians.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Piller.

:: Date
1993-10-10


ds92x04
=======

:: Title
Invasive Procedures

:: Description
A plasma storm leads to the evacuation of most of the station, but a Trill
refugee has his own plans.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: John Whelpley.

:: Date
1993-10-17


ds92x05
=======

:: Title
Cardassians

:: Description
Garak investigates the identity of a Cardassian boy, Rugal, abandoned on
Bajor, who has been raised by a Bajoran.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Gene Wolande & John Wright.

:: Date
1993-10-24


ds92x06
=======

:: Title
Melora

:: Description
Bashir tries to help Ensign Melora Pazlar, the first Elaysian to join
Starfleet, adjust to "normal" gravity.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Evan Carlos Somers.

:: Date
1993-10-31


ds92x07
=======

:: Title
Rules of Acquisition

:: Description
Quark represents Grand Nagus Zek in a plot to establish a Ferengi business
presence in the Gamma Quadrant. Pel, a young Ferengi, teams up with Quark and
they learn that to do business in the Gamma Quadrant they must contact the
Keremma, a member race of the Dominion.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Date
1993-11-07


ds92x08
=======

:: Title
Necessary Evil

:: Description
When Quark is shot, Odo re-opens a five-year-old murder case of Mr. Vaatrik
who was a Cardassian collaborator.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1993-11-14


ds92x09
=======

:: Title
Second Sight

:: Description
A mysterious woman, Fenna, catches Sisko's eye during their fleeting meetings.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Date
1993-11-21


ds92x10
=======

:: Title
Sanctuary

:: Description
The Skrreea, displaced humanoid farmers from the Gamma Quadrant, claim Bajor
as Kentanna, their legendary homeland.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Gabe Essoe & Kelley Miles.

:: Date
1993-11-28


ds92x11
=======

:: Title
Rivals

:: Description
Quark feels threatened when a charming swindler, Martus Mazur, opens a
competing bar (Club Martus).

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jim Trombetta & Michael Piller.

:: Date
1994-01-02


ds92x12
=======

:: Title
The Alternate

:: Description
A scientist, Dr. Mora Pol of the Bajoran Science Institute, finds a life-form
in the Gamma Quadrant that may be related to Odo.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Jim Trombetta and Bill Dial.

:: Date
1994-01-09


ds92x13
=======

:: Title
Armageddon Game

:: Description
O'Brien and Bashir help two warring races, the Kellerans and T'lani, erase all
knowledge of a deadly biological weapon, but are not trusted to keep what they
have learned a secret.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Morgan Gendel.

:: Date
1994-01-30


ds92x14
=======

:: Title
Whispers

:: Description
While preparing the station for upcoming peace talks, O'Brien discovers that
the crew have been hiding information from him and giving orders behind his
back. O'Brien begins to suspect everyone on the station is gradually being
altered or replaced by an unknown force.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Paul Robert Coyle.

:: Date
1994-02-06


ds92x15
=======

:: Title
Paradise

:: Description
Commander Sisko and Chief O'Brien are stranded on a planet, Aurelius, where
their leader, Alixus, rejects technology, even when it means the death of
others.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Jim Trombetta and James Crocker.

:: Date
1994-02-13


ds92x16
=======

:: Title
Shadowplay

:: Description
Odo and Dax investigate why a village's residents are disappearing.

Directed by: Robert Scheerer. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1994-02-20


ds92x17
=======

:: Title
Playing God

:: Description
A proto-universe threatens to destroy the station and Bajor. Dax has a field
docent (a Trill candidate initiate), named Arjin, whom she helps find his
voice â€” to discover what he wants from life and from joining.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jim Trombetta.

:: Date
1994-02-27


ds92x18
=======

:: Title
Profit and Loss

:: Description
Quark is reunited with his former Cardassian lover, Natima Lang, but she is
engaged in dangerous political intrigue with her students Rekela and Hogue:
they want to reduce the political power of the Cardassian military.

Directed by: Robert Wiemer. Story by: Flip Kobler and Cindy Marcus.

:: Date
1994-03-20


ds92x19
=======

:: Title
Blood Oath

:: Description
Jadzia Dax honors an oath made by Curzon Dax to three Klingons (Kor, Koloth,
and Kang), and goes with them on a crusade against their sworn enemy "the
Albino" who murdered their firstborn children as revenge for stopping his raid
on a Klingon colony.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Andrea Moore Alton.

:: Date
1994-03-27


ds92x20
=======

:: Title
The Maquis, Part I

:: Description
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into
their own hands, forming a terrorist group called 'The Maquis'.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller & Jeri
Taylor and James Crocker.

:: Date
1994-04-24


ds92x21
=======

:: Title
The Maquis, Part II

:: Description
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into
their own hands by planning to destroy a weapons depot at the Cardassian Bryma
colony.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller.

:: Date
1994-05-01


ds92x22
=======

:: Title
The Wire

:: Description
In order to save Garak's life, Bashir must unravel some of the secrets in the
Cardassian's past.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1994-05-08


ds92x23
=======

:: Title
Crossover

:: Description
Kira and Bashir accidentally cross into the Mirror Universe, where a Klingon-
Cardassian alliance rules. A century before, James T. Kirk had made a similar
crossover, affecting human and galactic history. Terrans are slaves on the
station.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1994-05-15


ds92x24
=======

:: Title
The Collaborator

:: Description
A Bajoran secretary named Kubus, who aided the Cardassian occupation forces
wants to return home from exile. Vedek Winn engages in a power play to become
Kai against Vedek Bareil.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Gary Holland.

:: Date
1994-05-22


ds92x25
=======

:: Title
Tribunal

:: Description
O'Brien is declared guilty of an unspecified crime and later "tried" at a
tribunal held on Cardassia Prime.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Bill Dial.

:: Date
1994-06-05


ds92x26
=======

:: Title
The Jem'Hadar

:: Description
Sisko, Jake, Nog, and Quark go camping on a Gamma Quadrant world, but are
captured by mysterious soldiers called the Jem'Hadar and meet a force, the
Dominion, to rival the Federation.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Ira Steven Behr.

:: Date
1994-06-12


ds93x01
=======

:: Title
The Search, Part I

:: Description
Sisko takes the new USS Defiant into the Gamma Quadrant to find the mysterious
leaders of the Dominion and avert a war, while Odo is drawn by instinct
towards his home planet in the Omarion Nebula.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1994-09-26


ds93x02
=======

:: Title
The Search, Part II

:: Description
Odo begins to connect with his fellow Changelings as Sisko attempts to
negotiate peace with the Dominion.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1994-10-03


ds93x03
=======

:: Title
The House of Quark

:: Description
Quark lies about killing a Klingon, Kozak, and is then forced to marry the
widow, Grilka, founding his own 'House of Quark'.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Tom Benko.

:: Date
1994-10-10


ds93x04
=======

:: Title
Equilibrium

:: Description
A secret from Dax's past could mean the end of the current host's life.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Christopher Teague.

:: Date
1994-10-17


ds93x05
=======

:: Title
Second Skin

:: Description
Kira is kidnapped by Cardassians, surgically altered to look Cardassian and
told she is actually an undercover Cardassian agent.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1994-10-24


ds93x06
=======

:: Title
The Abandoned

:: Description
Quark purchases a salvaged ship from the Gamma Quadrant and discovers an
infant on board.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: D. Thomas Maio and Steve Warnek.

:: Date
1994-10-31


ds93x07
=======

:: Title
Civil Defense

:: Description
Deep Space Nine is progressively locked down after O'Brien, Jake and Sisko
accidentally activate an automated Cardassian security program. The program's
counter-insurgency measures keep escalating until it initiates an auto-
destruct. Gul Dukat beams on board, but is unable to stop the self-destruct
sequence.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Mike Krohn.

:: Date
1994-11-07


ds93x08
=======

:: Title
Meridian

:: Description
Dax falls in love with Deral who will soon disappear because he is a member of
Meridian, a planet that phases between dimensions every 60 years.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Hilary J. Bader and Evan Carlos
Somers.

:: Date
1994-11-14


ds93x09
=======

:: Title
Defiant

:: Description
Commander William Riker shows up unannounced and Kira shows him the Defiant,
where he reveals his true motives for coming to Deep Space Nine.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1994-11-21


ds93x10
=======

:: Title
Fascination

:: Description
Lwaxana Troi pursues Odo during the Bajoran Gratitude Festival as members of
the crew suddenly become infatuated with one another.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and James Crocker.

:: Date
1994-11-28


ds93x11
=======

:: Title
Past Tense, Part I

:: Description
A transporter accident sends Sisko, Bashir, and Dax three centuries into
Earth's dark past to a time just before the Bell riots, a violent civil
disturbance in opposition to Sanctuaries which are controlled ghettos for the
dispossessed.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-01-02


ds93x12
=======

:: Title
Past Tense, Part II

:: Description
Sisko assumes the role of a pivotal historical figure, Gabriel Bell, in order
to restore the timeline.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-01-09


ds93x13
=======

:: Title
Life Support

:: Description
Bashir's ethics are put to the test as he keeps Vedek Bareil alive long enough
to help Kai Winn complete negotiations for a peace treaty with Cardassia.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Christian Ford and Roger Soffer.

:: Date
1995-01-31


ds93x14
=======

:: Title
Heart of Stone

:: Description
When Kira's life is put in jeopardy, Odo expresses the depth of his feelings
for her. Meanwhile, back on the station, Nog requests a letter of
recommendation to Starfleet.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-02-06


ds93x15
=======

:: Title
Destiny

:: Description
Despite Trakor's Bajoran prophecy of destruction, Sisko assists in a joint
scientific venture with the Cardassians to open communications through the
Bajoran wormhole.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: David S. Cohen and Martin A. Winer.

:: Date
1995-02-13


ds93x16
=======

:: Title
Prophet Motive

:: Description
Quark discovers that Grand Nagus Zek has written a new virtuous and benevolent
set of the Rules of Acquisition, which would put an end to the traditional
Ferengi ways.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-02-20


ds93x17
=======

:: Title
Visionary

:: Description
Exposure to radiation causes O'Brien to jump five hours into the future for
brief periods, as Deep Space Nine hosts Romulan and Klingon delegations.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ethan H. Calk.

:: Date
1995-02-27


ds93x18
=======

:: Title
Distant Voices

:: Description
Julian Bashir is subjected to a telepathic attack by an alien seeking a
restricted substance.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Date
1995-04-10


ds93x19
=======

:: Title
Through the Looking Glass

:: Description
Sisko is convinced by "Smiley" O'Brien from the Mirror Universe to assume the
role of the dead Captain Sisko.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-04-17


ds93x20
=======

:: Title
Improbable Cause

:: Description
Garak's tailor shop is bombed, forcing Odo to investigate who is trying to
kill the Cardassian exile â€“ and why.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Robert Lederman & David R. Long.

:: Date
1995-04-24


ds93x21
=======

:: Title
The Die is Cast

:: Description
Garak reluctantly tortures Odo for information to prove his loyalty to his
former mentor, Enabran Tain, as a joint Tal Shiar/Obsidian Order attack on the
Founders in the Omarian Nebula is underway, without Starfleet's involvement.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1995-05-01


ds93x22
=======

:: Title
Explorers

:: Description
Sisko builds a replica of an ancient Bajoran space vessel and with Jake
attempts to prove that the Bajorans developed interstellar travel before
Cardassians.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Date
1995-05-08


ds93x23
=======

:: Title
Family Business

:: Description
Quark returns to his home planet to confront his mother after hearing from the
Ferengi Commerce Authority that she broke the law by earning profit.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-05-15


ds93x24
=======

:: Title
Shakaar

:: Description
Kai Winn needs Kira to convince her former resistance leader, Shakaar, now a
farmer on Bajor, to return soil reclamators needed elsewhere in Rakantha,
which used to be Bajor's most productive agricultural region.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Gordon Dawson.

:: Date
1995-05-22


ds93x25
=======

:: Title
Facets

:: Description
Jadzia Dax deals with feelings of inferiority as she encounters past hosts in
a Trill Zhian'tara ceremony which is able to transfer the memories of former
hosts into another recipient.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1995-06-12


ds93x26
=======

:: Title
The Adversary

:: Description
Ambassador Krajensky informs newly promoted Captain Sisko that there has been
a coup on Tzenketh. A Changeling hides on board the Defiant and sabotages the
ship.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-06-19


ds94x01
=======

:: Title
The Way of the Warrior

:: Description
A Klingon fleet arrives on its way to expand the Klingon Empire at the expense
of the Cardassians in the face of the Dominion threat, and Worf is brought to
DS9 to negotiate.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-10-02


ds94x02
=======

:: Title
The Way of the Warrior

:: Description
A Klingon fleet arrives on its way to expand the Klingon Empire at the expense
of the Cardassians in the face of the Dominion threat, and Worf is brought to
DS9 to negotiate.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1995-10-02


ds94x03
=======

:: Title
The Visitor

:: Description
An elderly Jake Sisko relates the story of how he lost his father to a
temporal displacement accident.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Date
1995-10-09


ds94x04
=======

:: Title
Hippocratic Oath

:: Description
Bashir assists a rogue group of Jem'Hadar led by Goran'Agar attempting to
overcome their genetic addiction to Ketracel White. Goran'Agar is able to
survive without the White and enlists the aid of Bashir to try to understand
why.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Nicholas Corea and Lisa Klink.

:: Date
1995-10-16


ds94x05
=======

:: Title
Indiscretion

:: Description
Forced to bring along Dukat on a personal mission to investigate the fate of
the Ravinok, Kira discovers the real reason her old enemy wants to accompany
her.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Toni Marberry & Jack TreviÃ±o.

:: Date
1995-10-23


ds94x06
=======

:: Title
Rejoined

:: Description
Dax is reunited with Lenara Kahn, whose previous host was the wife of one of
Dax's former hosts, Torias Dax, and the two struggle with their feelings for
one another.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1995-10-30


ds94x07
=======

:: Title
Starship Down

:: Description
The USS Defiant becomes trapped in a planet's radiation-filled atmosphere
after battling with the Jem'Hadar.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: David Mack and John J. Ordover.

:: Date
1995-11-06


ds94x08
=======

:: Title
Little Green Men

:: Description
Quark, Rom, Nog, and Odo are accidentally thrust back in time to Roswell, New
Mexico, Earth, in 1947.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Toni Marberry & Jack TreviÃ±o.

:: Date
1995-11-13


ds94x09
=======

:: Title
The Sword of Kahless

:: Description
Worf, Dax and a revered Klingon Dahar master, Kor, search for the Sword of
Kahless to unite the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Richard Danus.

:: Date
1995-11-20


ds94x10
=======

:: Title
Our Man Bashir

:: Description
Bashir plays a 1960s secret agent in a holosuite, when Garak unexpectedly
intrudes, but his help is needed when the DS9 computer uses the holosuite to
store the patterns of other crew members during a teleporting accident.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Robert Gillan.

:: Date
1995-11-27


ds94x11
=======

:: Title
Homefront

:: Description
Sisko and Odo are brought to Earth when it's suspected Changelings are
infiltrating Starfleet.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1996-01-01


ds94x12
=======

:: Title
Paradise Lost

:: Description
As Sisko and Odo prepare for a Dominion invasion, they discover a plot to
place the Federation under military control.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1996-01-08


ds94x13
=======

:: Title
Crossfire

:: Description
Odo's hidden feelings for Kira surface when the visiting Bajoran First
Minister, Shakaar Edon, begins to court her.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1996-01-29


ds94x14
=======

:: Title
Return to Grace

:: Description
Dukat seeks Kira's help in regaining his rank in the Cardassian Empire.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Tom Benko.

:: Date
1996-02-05


ds94x15
=======

:: Title
Sons of Mogh

:: Description
Cast out of Klingon society because of Worf's dishonor, his outcast brother,
Kurn, asks Worf to kill him.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1996-02-12


ds94x16
=======

:: Title
Bar Association

:: Description
Rom creates a union for Quark's employees and goes on strike.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Barbara J. Lee & Jenifer A. Lee.

:: Date
1996-02-19


ds94x17
=======

:: Title
Accession

:: Description
A famous Bajoran poet, Akorem Laan, who disappeared over 200 years ago appears
from the wormhole and convinces Sisko that he is the true Emissary.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jane Espenson.

:: Date
1996-02-26


ds94x18
=======

:: Title
Rules of Engagement

:: Description
Worf accidentally destroys a civilian ship during battle and faces a hearing
to determine whether he should be extradited to the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Date
1996-04-08


ds94x19
=======

:: Title
Hard Time

:: Description
O'Brien's mind has been altered to create memories of being incarcerated for
20 years on an alien world on charges of espionage and sedition.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Daniel Keys Moran and Lynn Barker.

:: Date
1996-04-15


ds94x20
=======

:: Title
Shattered Mirror

:: Description
Sisko attempts to rescue Jake after he is lured into the war-torn Mirror
Universe by his mother's living counterpart.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1996-04-22


ds94x21
=======

:: Title
The Muse

:: Description
While Odo assists a pregnant Lwaxana Troi, Jake falls under the spell of a
mysterious woman, Onaya.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria and Majel Barrett-
Roddenberry.

:: Date
1996-04-29


ds94x22
=======

:: Title
For the Cause

:: Description
Sisko learns that his girlfriend Kasidy might be a Maquis smuggler.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Date
1996-05-06


ds94x23
=======

:: Title
To the Death

:: Description
Sisko and the Defiant crew join forces with the Jem'Hadar to stop a group of
Jem'Hadar renegades from gaining power.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1996-05-13


ds94x24
=======

:: Title
The Quickening

:: Description
Bashir tries to free the population of a Gamma Quadrant world in the Teplan
system of an engineered disease left by the Dominion 200 years previously.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Naren Shankar.

:: Date
1996-05-20


ds94x25
=======

:: Title
Body Parts

:: Description
Quark is diagnosed with a terminal disease, Dorek's Syndrome, and given a week
to live.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Louis P. DeSantis & Robert J. Bolivar.

:: Date
1996-06-10


ds94x26
=======

:: Title
Broken Link

:: Description
Odo collapses and is taken to the infirmary. Bashir discovers Odo is losing
his ability to maintain solid form.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: George A. Brozak.

:: Date
1996-06-17


ds95x01
=======

:: Title
Apocalypse Rising

:: Description
Starfleet assigns Sisko to expose the Changeling infiltrator in the Klingon
Empire.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Date
1996-09-30


ds95x02
=======

:: Title
The Ship

:: Description
While exploring in the Gamma Quadrant, Sisko, Dax, Worf, and O'Brien see a
Jem'Hadar warship crash on a planet's surface.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Pam Wigginton & Rick Cason.

:: Date
1996-10-07


ds95x03
=======

:: Title
Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places

:: Description
Worf finds himself attracted to Grilka, Quark's ex wife, when she visits the
station.

Directed by: Andrew J. Robinson. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1996-10-14


ds95x04
=======

:: Title
...Nor the Battle to the Strong

:: Description
Dr. Bashir has been away at a conference and Jake Sisko has accompanied him to
research a profile he is writing about the doctor. Returning in a runabout,
they get a distress call from a Federation colony under Klingon attack.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Brice R. Parker.

:: Date
1996-10-21


ds95x05
=======

:: Title
The Assignment

:: Description
Keiko returns from a journey and informs O'Brien that she is really an entity
that has taken possession of his wife's body.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: David R. Long & Robert Lederman.

:: Date
1996-10-28


ds95x06
=======

:: Title
Trials and Tribble-ations

:: Description
Darvin, a disgraced Klingon spy, travels back in time. The DS9 crew must
prevent him from altering the timeline.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler &
Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1996-11-04


ds95x07
=======

:: Title
Let He Who Is Without Sin...

:: Description
Worf and Dax vacation on the pleasure planet, Risa, and encounter unexpected
dangers.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven
Behr.

:: Date
1996-11-11


ds95x08
=======

:: Title
Things Past

:: Description
Sisko, Odo, Dax and Garak are found unconscious. While Bashir attempts to
revive their bodies, the four wake up during the Cardassian occupation of
Bajor several years earlier.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Date
1996-11-18


ds95x09
=======

:: Title
The Ascent

:: Description
Forced to crash land on a desolate planet, Odo and Quark learn they lost their
communications system, replicator, and most rations in an explosion.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1996-11-25


ds95x10
=======

:: Title
Rapture

:: Description
An accident causes Sisko to have prophetic visions.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: L.J. Strom.

:: Date
1996-12-30


ds95x11
=======

:: Title
The Darkness and the Light

:: Description
Someone is killing Kira's friends off and she might be next.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Bryan Fuller.

:: Date
1997-01-06


ds95x12
=======

:: Title
The Begotten

:: Description
When Quark discovers an infant Changeling, it has a profound effect on Odo.
Meanwhile, Kira goes into labor.

Directed by: JesÃºs Salvador TreviÃ±o. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1997-01-27


ds95x13
=======

:: Title
For the Uniform

:: Description
Michael Eddington returns and Sisko becomes obsessed with catching him.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1997-02-03


ds95x14
=======

:: Title
In Purgatory's Shadow

:: Description
Worf and Garak journey to the Gamma Quadrant to investigate a coded Cardassian
message.

Directed by: Gabrielle Beaumont. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven
Behr.

:: Date
1997-02-10


ds95x15
=======

:: Title
By Inferno's Light

:: Description
Gul Dukat aligns the Cardassians with the Dominion. The station must deal with
a Changeling infiltrator.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1997-02-17


ds95x16
=======

:: Title
Doctor Bashir, I Presume?

:: Description
Julian Bashir is selected to become the model for a Long-term Medical
Hologram, until a family secret is revealed.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jimmy Diggs.

:: Date
1997-02-24


ds95x17
=======

:: Title
A Simple Investigation

:: Description
Odo falls in love with a woman, Arissa, involved in the Orion Syndicate.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1997-03-31


ds95x18
=======

:: Title
Business as Usual

:: Description
Quark becomes involved with a group of arms dealers, led by his cousin Gaila.

Directed by: Siddig El Fadil. Story by: Bradley Thompson and David Weddle.

:: Date
1997-04-07


ds95x19
=======

:: Title
Ties of Blood and Water

:: Description
Tekeny Ghemor arrives on Deep Space Nine and reveals that he is dying.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Edmund Newton & Robbin L. Slocum.

:: Date
1997-04-14


ds95x20
=======

:: Title
Ferengi Love Songs

:: Description
At the end of his rope, Quark returns home and discovers Moogie has a secret
lover.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1997-04-21


ds95x21
=======

:: Title
Soldiers of the Empire

:: Description
Martok, Worf, and Dax go on a mission aboard a Klingon ship to search for the
B'moth.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1997-04-28


ds95x22
=======

:: Title
Children of Time

:: Description
An accident causes the crew to meet their own descendants - and presents them
with an ethical dilemma.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Gary Holland and Ethan H. Calk.

:: Date
1997-05-05


ds95x23
=======

:: Title
Blaze of Glory

:: Description
An act of desperation by the Maquis could plunge the Federation into war. The
Maquis have 30 cloaked missiles headed to Cardassia which will cause an
outbreak of war in the alpha quadrant.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven Behr.

:: Date
1997-05-12


ds95x24
=======

:: Title
Empok Nor

:: Description
O'Brien, Garak, Nog and an engineering team go to Deep Space Nine's abandoned
sister space station, Empok Nor, to salvage components. The away team soon
discover that all is not as it seems.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Bryan Fuller.

:: Date
1997-05-19


ds95x25
=======

:: Title
In the Cards

:: Description
Jake wants to give his father a present to cheer him up, a 1951 Willie Mays
baseball card, but runs into complications with a mysterious geneticist, Dr.
Giger, and a Dominion ambassador group.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: Truly Barr Clark & Scott J. Neal.

:: Date
1997-06-09


ds95x26
=======

:: Title
Call to Arms

:: Description
Faced with the realization that the Dominion are taking over the Alpha
Quadrant, Sisko decides to mine the entrance to the wormhole with self-
replicating cloaked mines, thus beginning the Dominion War.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1997-06-16


ds96x01
=======

:: Title
A Time to Stand

:: Description
Three months into the war, DS9 is still under Dominion control. Sisko and his
crew are given a mission to destroy a vital Ketracel White facility deep in
Dominion space using a captured Jem'Hadar ship. Jake is working for the
Federation News Service. Odo is head of Terok Nor's security supported by the
Vorta Weyoun.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1997-09-29


ds96x02
=======

:: Title
Rocks and Shoals

:: Description
Sisko and his tired crew crash on a planet where they encounter a band of
Jem'Hadar.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1997-10-06


ds96x03
=======

:: Title
Sons and Daughters

:: Description
While on General Martok's ship Worf is reunited with his estranged son,
Alexander.

Directed by: JesÃºs Salvador TreviÃ±o. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David
Weddle.

:: Date
1997-10-13


ds96x04
=======

:: Title
Behind the Lines

:: Description
Sisko creates a risky plan to disable a critical Dominion sensor array able to
see 5 sectors out, while on Terok Nor, Kira, Jake, Rom and Odo seek to
undermine the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1997-10-20


ds96x05
=======

:: Title
Favor the Bold

:: Description
Learning of thousands of Dominion reinforcements gathering in the Gamma
Quadrant, Sisko initiates a plan to retake Deep Space Nine and secure the
wormhole before the minefield is detonated.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1997-10-27


ds96x06
=======

:: Title
Sacrifice of Angels

:: Description
Sisko commands the Defiant and 600 Federation ships against a
Dominion/Cardassian armada to retake Deep Space Nine. Damar has Kira, Jake,
and Leeta arrested.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1997-11-03


ds96x07
=======

:: Title
You are Cordially Invited...

:: Description
Worf's plans for a traditional Klingon wedding hinge on Martok's demanding
wife, Sirella, accepting Dax into their family.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1997-11-10


ds96x08
=======

:: Title
Resurrection

:: Description
The Mirror Universe counterpart of Kira's dead love, Vedek Bareil, takes her
hostage on Deep Space Nine as he is running from the evil Alliance of his
universe.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Date
1997-11-17


ds96x09
=======

:: Title
Statistical Probabilities

:: Description
Bashir attempts to reintegrate genetically-engineered misfits into society,
but they are asked by Starfleet to become a think tank when they provide
insightful analysis of upcoming Dominion peace talks.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: Pam Pietroforte.

:: Date
1997-11-24


ds96x10
=======

:: Title
The Magnificent Ferengi

:: Description
Quark mounts a rescue mission when his mother, Ishka, is captured by the
Dominion and Grand Nagus Zek offers a reward for her return.

Directed by: Chip Chalmers. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-01-01


ds96x11
=======

:: Title
Waltz

:: Description
Sisko meets with the former Cardassian leader Gul Dukat, now a prisoner, as he
awaits a war crimes investigation.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1998-01-08


ds96x12
=======

:: Title
Who Mourns for Morn?

:: Description
Morn is killed in an ion storm and Sisko informs Quark that Morn left his
entire estate to him. But Quark has a little competition.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Date
1998-02-04


ds96x13
=======

:: Title
Far Beyond the Stars

:: Description
After Captain Swofford's ship, the Cortez, is destroyed, Sisko considers
leaving Starfleet.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Marc Scott Zicree.

:: Date
1998-02-11


ds96x14
=======

:: Title
One Little Ship

:: Description
Dax, O'Brien, and Bashir board a Runabout, which is shrunken to four inches
long as they investigate a rare subspace compression phenomenon.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Date
1998-02-18


ds96x15
=======

:: Title
Honor Among Thieves

:: Description
Starfleet Intelligence recruits Chief O'Brien to infiltrate the Orion
Syndicate to find a Starfleet informant.

Directed by: Allan Eastman. Story by: Philip Kim.

:: Date
1998-02-25


ds96x16
=======

:: Title
Change of Heart

:: Description
When Jadzia Dax is critically injured on an away mission, Worf must choose
between saving his wife and completing their assignment.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1998-03-04


ds96x17
=======

:: Title
Wrongs Darker Than Death or Night

:: Description
When Dukat reveals to Kira her mother, Kira Meru, did not die when she was
three, but was actually his lover, Kira goes into the past using the Bajoran
Orb of Time to find the truth.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-04-01


ds96x18
=======

:: Title
Inquisition

:: Description
Bashir is accused of unknowingly spying for the Dominion.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle.

:: Date
1998-04-08


ds96x19
=======

:: Title
In the Pale Moonlight

:: Description
Sisko asks Garak to help him get the Romulans to join the war against the
Dominion.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1998-04-15


ds96x20
=======

:: Title
His Way

:: Description
Bashir shows off a new Holosuite program of a martini lounge with a 1960s
Vegas singer named Vic Fontaine who is very perceptive; and gives advice to
Odo when Kira visits her ex-lover Shakaar.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-04-22


ds96x21
=======

:: Title
The Reckoning

:: Description
Sisko is called to Bajor when an ancient tablet addressing the Emissary is
discovered at B'hala.

Directed by: JesÃºs Salvador TreviÃ±o. Story by: Harry M. Werksman & Gabrielle
Stanton.

:: Date
1998-04-29


ds96x22
=======

:: Title
Valiant

:: Description
Jake and Nog come under attack by the Jem'Hadar and are rescued by a rogue
Defiant class starship, the Valiant, under the command of Starfleet Red
Squadron cadets.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1998-05-06


ds96x23
=======

:: Title
Profit and Lace

:: Description
Quark helps out when Zek's status as the Ferengi Grand Nagus is put in
jeopardy by proposing equal rights for Ferengi females.

Directed by: Siddig El Faddil. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-05-13


ds96x24
=======

:: Title
Time's Orphan

:: Description
Molly O'Brien disappears in a vortex and reappears as an 18-year-old woman,
but she is now feral, bringing great difficulty for her parents.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Date
1998-05-20


ds96x25
=======

:: Title
The Sound of Her Voice

:: Description
The Defiant picks up a distress call from Captain Lisa Cusak, whose escape pod
has crashed on a remote planet following the destruction of her ship, the
Olympia.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Pam Pietroforte.

:: Date
1998-06-10


ds96x26
=======

:: Title
Tears of the Prophets

:: Description
Starfleet Command begins an offensive against the Dominion, and Sisko is
chosen to lead the invasion of Cardassia, but the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance
has secretly reinforced their borders with unmanned orbital weapons platforms.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-06-17


ds97x01
=======

:: Title
Image in the Sand

:: Description
With the Bajoran wormhole collapsed, Sisko struggles for a way to contact the
Bajoran Prophets. Kira opens a Romulan military hospital, and a new Dax
appears on the scene.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-09-30


ds97x02
=======

:: Title
Shadows and Symbols

:: Description
Sisko's quest leads him to the truth about his existence as Kira sets up a
blockade of the Bajoran Moon, Derna, against the Romulans.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-10-07


ds97x03
=======

:: Title
Afterimage

:: Description
Everyone who knew Jadzia Dax reacts strongly to Ezri Dax's presence,
particularly Worf. Meanwhile Garak suffers from bad claustrophobic attacks.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1998-10-14


ds97x04
=======

:: Title
Take Me Out to the Holosuite

:: Description
Sisko must train his staff to play baseball when the Vulcans, led by Solok,
challenge them to a game.

Directed by: Chip Chalmers. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1998-10-21


ds97x05
=======

:: Title
Chrysalis

:: Description
Bashir falls for a genetically enhanced patient, Sarina Douglas, that he
brought out of a catatonic state using an experimental medical procedure.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1998-10-28


ds97x06
=======

:: Title
Treachery, Faith and the Great River

:: Description
A Vorta defector, Weyoun-6, gives Odo valuable information in exchange for
asylum. Weyoun-7, the next clone in the series, pursues them. Meanwhile Nog
engages in a series of barters to get a Graviton Stabilizer for Miles.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: Philip Kim.

:: Date
1998-11-04


ds97x07
=======

:: Title
Once More unto the Breach

:: Description
Worf finds a battle assignment for Kor, an aging Klingon hero.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1998-11-11


ds97x08
=======

:: Title
The Siege of AR-558

:: Description
Sisko and crew relieve Starfleet troops under siege by Jem'Hadar at a key
communications outpost, AR-558, the largest Dominion communications array in
the sector.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1998-11-18


ds97x09
=======

:: Title
Covenant

:: Description
Dukat, now a religious leader, holds Kira hostage. Mika, one of Dukat's
followers, gives birth to a half-Cardassian child.

Directed by: John Kretchmer. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1998-11-25


ds97x10
=======

:: Title
It's Only a Paper Moon

:: Description
Nog struggles with PTSD and begins living with Vic Fontaine.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: David Mack & John J. Ordover.

:: Date
1998-12-30


ds97x11
=======

:: Title
Prodigal Daughter

:: Description
Ezri goes to New Sydney to find O'Brien and uncovers some disturbing family
secrets. Miles goes in search of the widow of Liam Bilby, Morica Bilby, whom
he befriended in an undercover operation.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Date
1999-01-06


ds97x12
=======

:: Title
The Emperor's New Cloak

:: Description
Quark and Rom cross into the alternate universe to rescue Grand Nagus Zek.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1999-02-03


ds97x13
=======

:: Title
Field of Fire

:: Description
Ezri summons Joran, a homicidal Dax incarnation from her past, for help in
understanding the mind of a serial killer loose on the station.

Directed by: Tony Dow. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Date
1999-02-10


ds97x14
=======

:: Title
Chimera

:: Description
A Changeling, Laas, asks Odo to leave the station and join his search for
other shapeshifters. Laas was with the Varalans and has learned to assume a
space-faring creatures form.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1999-02-17


ds97x15
=======

:: Title
Badda-Bing Badda-Bang

:: Description
The crew attempt to help Vic Fontaine when Vic's hotel is bought by mobsters
Frankie Eyes and Carl Zeemo.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1999-02-24


ds97x16
=======

:: Title
Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges

:: Description
While attending a diplomatic conference on Romulus, Bashir becomes an
unwilling pawn of Section 31.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1999-03-03


ds97x17
=======

:: Title
Penumbra

:: Description
Ezri searches for a missing Worf and Sisko makes plans to marry Kasidy Yates.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria.

:: Date
1999-04-07


ds97x18
=======

:: Title
'Til Death Do Us Part

:: Description
Captured by the Breen, Ezri and Worf undergo mental torture. Sisko agonizes
over his broken engagement.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle.

:: Date
1999-04-14


ds97x19
=======

:: Title
Strange Bedfellows

:: Description
An alliance is born between the Dominion and the Breen which will prove
devastating for the Federation. Ezri and Worf are sentenced to death on
Cardassia.

Directed by: RenÃ© Auberjonois. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1999-04-21


ds97x20
=======

:: Title
The Changing Face of Evil

:: Description
The war reaches a crucial turning point when the Dominion retakes the
Chin'Toka system, the only Allied foothold in enemy space. Meanwhile, Winn
learns that Dukat plans to release the Pah-Wraiths, and Damar leads a revolt
against the Dominion.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1999-04-28


ds97x21
=======

:: Title
When It Rains...

:: Description
Sisko orders Kira to train Cardassians in resistance tactics as Damar's
rebellion gains ground; meanwhile, Bashir makes a shocking discovery about the
disease that is ravaging the Founders.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: RenÃ© Echevarria & Spike Steingasser.

:: Date
1999-05-05


ds97x22
=======

:: Title
Tacking Into the Wind

:: Description
Kira masterminds a plot to steal the Breen energy dampening weapon and Worf
instigates a power shift in the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Date
1999-05-12


ds97x23
=======

:: Title
Extreme Measures

:: Description
Bashir and O'Brien must get inside the mind of the man who holds Odo's cure.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Date
1999-05-19


ds97x24
=======

:: Title
The Dogs of War

:: Description
Sisko takes command of a new ship; Kira and Garak face a Dominion ambush on
Cardassia.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Date
1999-05-26


ds97x25
=======

:: Title
What You Leave Behind

:: Description
Sisko leads the Federation/Klingon/Romulan alliance in the offensive on the
Cardassian homeworld. Dukat and Winn journey to the fire caves to release the
Pah'Wraiths, and Damar leads his people in a revolution in an attempt to
overthrow their Dominion oppressors.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1999-06-02


ds97x26
=======

:: Title
What You Leave Behind

:: Description
Sisko leads the Federation/Klingon/Romulan alliance in the offensive on the
Cardassian homeworld. Dukat and Winn journey to the fire caves to release the
Pah'Wraiths, and Damar leads his people in a revolution in an attempt to
overthrow their Dominion oppressors.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Date
1999-06-02


