tz2002e01
=========

:: Title
Evergreen

:: Date
2002-09-18

:: Description
A rebellious teenage girl (Amber Tamblyn) and her exasperated family move to a
gated community with a stringent emphasis on conforming to certain norms and a
unique way of dealing with troubled youths.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Jill Blotevogel.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e02
=========

:: Title
One Night at Mercy

:: Date
2002-09-18

:: Description
An up-and-coming medical doctor (Tyler Christopher) suffering from severe
headaches encounters a suicidal patient (Jason Alexander) claiming to be Death
looking to take a break from his life's work.

Directed by: Peter O'Fallon. Story by: Christopher Mack.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e03
=========

:: Title
Shades of Guilt

:: Date
2002-09-25

:: Description
A Caucasian man (Vincent Ventresca) finds himself being mistaken for an
African-American man after refusing to save a college professor (Hill Harper)
from being attacked and killed by skinheads.

Directed by: Perry Lang. Story by: Ira Steven Behr.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e04
=========

:: Title
Dream Lover

:: Date
2002-09-25

:: Description
A graphic novelist (Adrian Pasdar) suffering from a severe case of writer's
block struggles to determine what is illusion and what is reality after
bringing his ideal woman (Shannon Elizabeth) to life.

Directed by: Peter O'Fallon. Story by: Frederick Rappaport.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e05
=========

:: Title
Cradle of Darkness

:: Date
2002-10-02

:: Description
A woman (Katherine Heigl) goes back in time to 1889 Austria in a desperate
attempt to rewrite history by assassinating Adolf Hitler in his infancy and
preventing World War II from ever taking place.

Directed by: Jean de Segonzac. Story by: Kamran Pasha.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e06
=========

:: Title
Night Route

:: Date
2002-10-02

:: Description
An English professor (Ione Skye) juggles preparing for her wedding and
convincing her friends and family she is being followed by a mysterious bus
that started haunting her after she and her dog narrowly avoided being hit by
a car.

Directed by: Jean de Segonzac. Story by: Jill Blotevogel.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e07
=========

:: Title
Time Lapse

:: Date
2002-10-09

:: Description
An orderly (Ethan Embry) suffering from blackouts discovers his condition is
the result of a police officer using his body to prevent an assassination
attempt on the President of the United States and the First Daughter.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: James Crocker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e08
=========

:: Title
Dead Man's Eyes

:: Date
2002-10-09

:: Description
An emotionally distraught widow (Portia di Rossi) obsessed with bringing her
dead husband's murderer to justice discover she can see his life and the
events surrounding his death through his eyeglasses.

Directed by: Jerry Levine. Story by: Frederick Rappaport.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e09
=========

:: Title
The Pool Guy

:: Date
2002-10-16

:: Description
A pool cleaner (Lou Diamond Phillips) working for a wealthy couple starts
suffering from recurring nightmares involving a man (Mackenzie Gray) who
approaches him, tells him to wake up, and guns him down.

Directed by: Paul Shapiro. Story by: Hans Beimler.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e10
=========

:: Title
Azoth the Avenger Is a Friend of Mine

:: Date
2002-10-16

:: Description
A boy (Rory Culkin) beset by abuse from the neighborhood bullies and his
alcoholic father learns a valuable life lesson about vengeance and courage
after willing his favorite barbarian superhero (Patrick Warburton) to life.

Directed by: Brad Turner. Story by: Brent V. Friedman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e11
=========

:: Title
The Lineman

:: Date
2002-10-23

:: Description
A lineman (Jeremy Piven) gradually discovers everything comes with a price
after being struck by lightning, gaining the ability to hear other people's
thoughts, and using his newfound powers for personal and financial gain.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Pen Densham.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e12
=========

:: Title
Harsh Mistress

:: Date
2002-10-30

:: Description
A talentless wannabe rock musician (Lukas Haas) gains talent, wealth, and
international stardom at a surprising price tag after purchasing a classic
guitar with dark powers and an equally dark past.

Directed by: Brad Turner. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e13
=========

:: Title
Upgrade

:: Date
2002-10-30

:: Description
A housewife (Susanna Thompson) juggles moving into a new house with her
dysfuctional family, fantasizing about the life she wants to live, and
preventing her seemingly idyllic fantasies from becoming reality.

Directed by: Joe Chappelle. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e14
=========

:: Title
To Protect and Serve

:: Date
2002-11-06

:: Description
An idealistic young police officer (Usher) dedicates himself to doing whatever
it takes to protect a prostitute and family friend (Samantha Becker) from the
vindictive ghost of the pimp (Dion Johnstone) he was forced to shoot and kill
in the line of duty.

Directed by: Joe Chappelle. Story by: Kamran Pasha.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e15
=========

:: Title
Chosen

:: Date
2002-11-06

:: Description
A destitute man (Jake Busey) sets out to unearth what he believes to be a
conspiracy after the arrival of two persistent evangelists (Andrew Moxham and
Kim Hawthorne) coincides with several disappearances and a potential nuclear
Armageddon.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e16
=========

:: Title
Sensuous Cindy

:: Date
2002-11-13

:: Description
A magazine writer (Greg Germann) whose fianc√©e believes in not having sex
until after marriage interacts with a woman (Jaime Pressly) from a virtual-
reality simulation who wants him all to herself.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: James Crocker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e17
=========

:: Title
Hunted

:: Date
2002-11-13

:: Description
Members of an elite special forces team (Scott Bairstow and Marisol Nichols)
living in a futuristic utopia that is free of violence and criminal activity
sets out to track down and execute a vicious creature responsible for the
deaths of several civilians.

Directed by: Patrick Norris. Story by: Christopher Mack.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e18
=========

:: Title
Mr. Motivation

:: Date
2002-11-20

:: Description
A toy doll (voiced by Pat O'Brien) with a sinister personality encourages a
timid pharmaceutical employee (Wallace Langham) to stand up to his business
manager (Christopher McDonald) and take control of his life.

Directed by: Deran Sarafian. Story by: Steven Aspis, Brent V. Friedman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e19
=========

:: Title
Sanctuary

:: Date
2002-11-20

:: Description
A sports agent (Rob Estes) and a real estate agent (Elizabeth Berkley)
stranded in a modern version of the Garden of Eden struggle to keep their
idyllic world from crumbling when an injured motorcyclist (Nicki Aycox) with a
working cell phone arrives.

Directed by: Patrick Norris. Story by: James Crocker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e20
=========

:: Title
Future Trade

:: Date
2002-11-27

:: Description
A man (Frank Whaley) with a dead-end job at a big-box store and a
dysfunctional family learns that leading the privileged life isn't everything
he hoped it would be after trading his future for that of a man with a trophy
wife (Sofia Milos).

Directed by: Bob Balaban. Story by: Clyde Hayes.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e21
=========

:: Title
Found and Lost

:: Date
2002-11-27

:: Description
A troubled businessman (Brian Austin Green) receives an opportunity to go back
in time, revisit his past, and make another attempt to win the heart of the
young woman he once loved (Moira Kelly).

Directed by: Vern Gillum. Story by: Bill Mumy, Frederick Rappaport.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e22
=========

:: Title
Gabe's Story

:: Date
2002-12-11

:: Description
A deliveryman (Christopher Titus) suffering from consistent bad luck sets out
to challenge fate after getting into a car accident, hitting his head, and
gaining the uncanny ability to see the events surrounding his bad breaks where
he sees a mysterious man in a jumpsuit (Kelly Perine).

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Dusty Kay.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e23
=========

:: Title
Last Lap

:: Date
2002-12-11

:: Description
A young man (Greg Serano) takes his terminally ill childhood friend (Clifton
Collins, Jr.) to a local racetrack for a final ride in his GT street racer
that results in unexpected consequences for both men.

Directed by: Brad Turner. Story by: Rob Hedden.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e24
=========

:: Title
The Path

:: Date
2003-01-08

:: Description
A dissatisfied tabloid magazine writer (Linda Cardellini) gradually becomes
obsessed with relying on a fortune teller (Method Man) who provides her with
uncannily accurate predictions about where her life is headed.

Directed by: Jerry Levine. Story by: James Crocker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e25
=========

:: Title
Fair Warning

:: Date
2003-01-08

:: Description
A flower shop employee (Taryn Manning) finds herself struggling to convince
people a troubled pet store employee (Devon Gummersall) suffering from
dissociative identity disorder is stalking her.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e26
=========

:: Title
Another Life

:: Date
2003-02-05

:: Description
A celebrated hip-hop artist (Wood Harris) with a privileged life and a loving
family experiences confusing visions that plague him to the point where the
thin lines separating fantasy from reality start to blur.

Directed by: Risa Bramon Garcia. Story by: Amir Mann & Brent V. Friedman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e27
=========

:: Title
Rewind

:: Date
2003-02-05

:: Description
A compulsive gambler (Eddie Kaye Thomas) discovers a way to beat the local
casino owner (Ben Bass) after being gifted with a tape cassette recorder with
the power to go back five minutes in time.

Directed by: Kevin Bray. Story by: James Crocker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e28
=========

:: Title
Tagged

:: Date
2003-02-12

:: Description
A gang member and street tagger (Todd Williams) becomes consumed by guilt
after killing a man caught painting over his mural and seeing the mural
transform into a real-life portrait of the crime.

Directed by: James Head. Story by: Charles Largent, Michael Angeli.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e29
=========

:: Title
Into the Light

:: Date
2003-02-12

:: Description
A high school English teacher (Samantha Mathis) ,set on resigning due to lack
of interest from her apathetic students, develops the ability to look into a
person's face and predict if they are going to die.

Directed by: Lou Diamond Phillips. Story by: Moira Kirland Dekker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e30
=========

:: Title
It's Still a Good Life

:: Date
2003-02-19

:: Description
In a sequel to It's a Good Life, a single father (Bill Mumy) who terrorized
the residents of an Ohio town with amazing mental powers as a child discovers
his young daughter (Liliana Mumy) has powers that are stronger than his.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Jerome Bixby, Ira Steven Behr.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e31
=========

:: Title
The Monsters Are on Maple Street

:: Date
2003-02-19

:: Description
In an updated version of an episode from the original series, The Monsters Are
Due on Maple Street, an unexpected power and water failure prompts the
residents (Andrew McCarthy, Titus Welliver, Kristi Angus, and Peter Williams)
of a quiet suburban neighborhood to grow increasingly suspicious of their new
neighbors and accuse them of being sleeper cell terrorists.

Directed by: Debbie Allen. Story by: Rod Serling, Erin Maher & Kay Reindl.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e32
=========

:: Title
Memphis

:: Date
2003-02-26

:: Description
A law clerk (Eriq La Salle) with six months left to live due to an inoperable
brain tumor finds himself transported back in time to Memphis, Tennessee on
the day of Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination.

Directed by: Eriq La Salle. Story by: Eriq La Salle.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e33
=========

:: Title
How Much Do You Love Your Kid?

:: Date
2003-02-26

:: Description
A woman (Bonnie Somerville) contemplating divorce from her husband (Steve
Bacic) finds herself forced to participate in a twisted reality game show
hosted by Nick Dark (Wayne Knight) after receiving a telephone call claiming
her son has been kidnapped.

Directed by: Allison Liddi-Brown. Story by: Michael Angeli.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e34
=========

:: Title
The Placebo Effect

:: Date
2003-04-02

:: Description
A medical practitioner (Sydney Tamiia Poitier) attempts to dissuade a
hypochondriac (Jeffrey Combs) from believing he has contracted a deadly
disease found in the pages of a science-fiction novel.

Directed by: Jerry Levine. Story by: Rebecca Swanson, Brent V. Friedman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e35
=========

:: Title
Cold Fusion

:: Date
2003-04-02

:: Description
A brilliant physicist (Sean Patrick Flanery) becomes involved in a deadly
psychological struggle with a scientist (Ian McShane) after being tasked with
taking part in the final start-up preparations for an infinite power source.

Directed by: Eli Richbourg. Story by: Ashley Edward Miller & Zack Stentz.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e36
=========

:: Title
The Pharaoh's Curse

:: Date
2003-04-23

:: Description
An up-and-coming illusionist (Shawn Hatosy) insinuates himself into the lives
of a reclusive veteran magician (Xander Berkeley) and his young wife (Lindy
Booth) in an attempt to unlock the secrets behind a centuries-old illusion.

Directed by: Bob Balaban. Story by: Stephen Beck.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e37
=========

:: Title
The Collection

:: Date
2003-04-23

:: Description
A babysitter (Jessica Simpson) suspects an eerily life-like doll collection
belonging to her latest client's charge (Ashley Edner) is connected to the
mysterious disappearances of her previous sitters.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: Erin Maher & Kay Reindl.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e38
=========

:: Title
Eye of the Beholder

:: Date
2003-04-30

:: Description
In a retelling of an episode from the original series, Eye of the Beholder, a
young woman (Molly Sims) living in a futuristic society that has labeled her
hideous waits to learn if the 11th and final attempt to surgically make her
look like everyone else is successful or not.

Directed by: David R. Ellis. Story by: Rod Serling.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e39
=========

:: Title
Developing

:: Date
2003-04-30

:: Description
A photographer (Robin Tunney) becomes convinced her deceased fianc√© is
attempting to contact her from beyond the grave after finding him in several
photographs that could never have been taken.

Directed by: Allison Liddi-Brown. Story by: Moira Kirland Dekker.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e40
=========

:: Title
The Executions of Grady Finch

:: Date
2003-05-07

:: Description
A death row inmate (Jeremy Sisto) sets out to convince his defense attorney
(Alicia Witt) that he did not commit the crime he was convicted of as an
unknown force starts interfering with his executions.

Directed by: John Peter Kousakis. Story by: Frederick Rappaport, Ira Steven
Behr and Brent V. Friedman.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e41
=========

:: Title
Homecoming

:: Date
2003-05-07

:: Description
A Delta Force officer (Gil Bellows) recently discharged from combat juggles
making amends with his wayward teenage son (Penn Badgley) and preventing him
from unearthing a mysterious secret.

Directed by: Risa Bramon Garcia. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle,
Michael Angeli.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e42
=========

:: Title
Sunrise

:: Date
2003-05-21

:: Description
Five college students (Jonathan Jackson, Sarah Carter, Michael Pe√±a, Lauren
Lee Smith, and Tyler Labine) exploring an Aztec site struggle to decide who
they must sacrifice after knocking over a jug filled with blood and enacting a
curse that causes the sun to go out.

Directed by: Tim Matheson. Story by: Katrina Cabrera Ortega, Frederick
Rappaport.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


tz2002e43
=========

:: Title
Burned

:: Date
2003-05-21

:: Description
An agoraphobic real estate mogul (Jason Bateman) finds himself forced to
confront the sins of his past when the vindictive ghosts of two young children
killed in an arson fire he orchestrated start haunting him.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: Seth Weisburst & Daniel Wolowicz.

:: Ratings

:: Choice Themes

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes

