Collection: Aesops Fables
=========================

:: Title
Aesop's Fables

:: Date
564 BC

:: Collections
Collection: Aesops Fables

:: Description
Aesop's Fables, or the Aesopica, is a collection of fables credited to Aesop, a slave and storyteller believed to have lived in ancient Greece between 620 and 564 BCE. Of diverse origins, the stories associated with his name have descended to modern times through a number of sources and continue to be reinterpreted in different verbal registers and in popular as well as artistic media.

The fables originally belonged to the oral tradition and were not collected for some three centuries after Aesop's death. By that time a variety of other stories, jokes and proverbs were being ascribed to him, although some of that material was from sources earlier than him or came from beyond the Greek cultural sphere. The process of inclusion has continued until the present, with some of the fables unrecorded before the Late Middle Ages and others arriving from outside Europe. The process is continuous and new stories are still being added to the Aesop corpus, even when they are demonstrably more recent work and sometimes from known authors.

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aesop%27s_Fables


aesop001pi
==========

:: Title
The Eagle and the Fox

:: Variation
Samuel Croxall

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Eagle and the Fox is a fable of friendship betrayed and revenged. Counted
as one of Aesop’s Fables, it is numbered 1 in the Perry Index. The central
situation concerns an eagle that seizes a fox’s cubs and bears them off to
feed its young. There are then alternative endings to the story, in one of
which the fox exacts restitution while in the other it gains retribution for
its injury.

:: Major Themes
friendship [The fox and the eagle had long been friends.],
betrayal [The eagle suddenly betrayed the fox.],
mercy [In mercilessly ignoring the entreaties of the fox, the eagle sealed its own doom.],
the desire for vengeance [The fox burned down the eagle's tree in an act of vengeance.],
hubris [The eagle thought itself safe from the fox as it was high up in a tree, but the fox was cunning and burned down the tree.],

:: Minor Themes


aesop003pi
==========

:: Title
The Eagle and the Beetle

:: Variation
Laura Gibbs

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The story of the feud between the eagle and the beetle is one of Aesop's
Fables and often referred to in Classical times. It is numbered 3 in the Perry
Index and the episode became proverbial. Although different in detail, it can
be compared to the fable of The Eagle and the Fox. In both cases the eagle
believes itself safe from retribution for an act of violence and is punished
by the destruction of its young.

:: Major Themes
hospitality [The eagle broke the custom of hospitality and was therefore hounded by the beetle and chastised by Zeus.],
the desire for vengeance [The Beetle sought to avenge itself on the eagle.],

:: Minor Themes
organized religion [The eagle was said to have slighted Zeus when it broke the custom of hospitality despite entreaties in Zeus' name.],


aesop008pi
==========

:: Title
Aesop and the Ferryman

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Aesop sometimes plays a part in his own fables where the circumstances in
which he tells the story are mentioned. In this he is mocked by a Ferryman, or
boat-builders in another account, and tells them how they will soon be out of
a job.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop010pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Lion

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Lion is one of Aesop's Fables and represents a comedy of
manners. It is number 10 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop011pi
==========

:: Title
The Fisherman and his Flute

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The fisherman and his flute appears among Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 11 in
the Perry Index. Wide variations on the theme have existed over the centuries.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop015pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Grapes

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Grapes is one of the Aesop's fables, numbered 15 in the Perry
Index. The narration is concise and subsequent retellings have often been
equally so. The story concerns a fox that tries to eat grapes from a vine but
cannot reach them. Rather than admit defeat, he states they are undesirable.
The expression "sour grapes" originated from this fable.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop018pi
==========

:: Title
The Fisherman and the Little Fish

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fisherman and the Little Fish is one of Aesop's fables. It is numbered 18
in the Perry Index. Babrius records it in Greek and Avianus in Latin. The
story concerns a small fry caught by a fisherman that begs for its life on
account of its size and suggests that waiting until it is larger would make it
a more filling meal. The fisherman refuses, giving as his reason that every
little amount helps and that it is stupid to give up a present advantage for
an uncertain future gain. The fable was given further currency in La
Fontaine's Fables(V.3).

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop022pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Woodman

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Woodman is a cautionary story against hypocrisy included among
Aesop's Fables and is numbered 22 in the Perry Index. Although the same basic
plot recurs, different versions have included a variety of participants.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop024pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Weasel

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Weasel is a title used to cover a complex of fables in which a
number of other animals figure in a story with the same basic situation
involving the unfortunate effects of greed. Of Greek origin, it is counted as
one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 24 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop027pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Mask

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Mask is one of Aesop's Fables, of which there are both Greek
and Latin variants. It is numbered 27 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop031pi
==========

:: Title
The Man with two Mistresses

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Man with Two Mistresses is one of Aesop's Fables that deals directly with
human foibles. It is numbered 31 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop035pi
==========

:: Title
The Satyr and the Traveller

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Satyr and the Traveller is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 35 in the
Perry Index. The popular idiom 'to blow hot and cold' is associated with it
and the fable is read as a warning against duplicity.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop040pi
==========

:: Title
The Astrologer who Fell into a Well

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Astrologer who Fell into a Well is a fable based on a Greek anecdote
concerning the pre-Socratic philosopher Thales of Miletus. It was one of
several ancient jokes that were absorbed into Aesop's Fables and is now
numbered 40 in the Perry Index. During the scientific attack on astrology in
the 16th–17th centuries, the story again became very popular.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop042pi
==========

:: Title
The Farmer and his Sons

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Farmer and his Sons is a story of Greek origin that is included among
Aesop's Fables and is listed as 42 in the Perry Index. It illustrates both the
value of hard work and the need to temper parental advice with practicality.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop044pi
==========

:: Title
The Frogs Who Desired a King

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Frogs Who Desired a King is one of Aesop's Fables and numbered 44 in the
Perry Index. Throughout its history, the story has been given a political
application.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop045pi
==========

:: Title
The Oxen and the Creaking Cart

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Oxen and the Creaking Cart is a situational fable ascribed to Aesop and is
numbered 45 in the Perry Index. Originally directed against complainers, it
was later linked with the proverb ‘the worst wheel always creaks most’ and
aimed emblematically at babblers of all sorts.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop046pi
==========

:: Title
The North Wind and the Sun

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The North Wind and the Sun is one of Aesop's Fables. It is type 298 in the
Aarne-Thompson folktale classification. The moral it teaches about the
superiority of persuasion over force has made the story widely known. It has
also become a chosen text for phonetic transcriptions.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop050pi
==========

:: Title
Venus and the Cat

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The mouse turned into a maid is an ancient fable of Indian origin that
travelled westwards to Europe during the Middle Ages and also exists in the
Far East. The story is Aarne-Thompson type 2031C in his list of cumulative
tales, another example of which is The Husband of the Rat's Daughter. It
concerns a search for a partner through a succession of more powerful forces,
resolved only by choosing an equal.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop051pi
==========

:: Title
The Snake and the Farmer

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Snake and the Farmer is a fable attributed to Aesop, of which there are
ancient variants and several more from both Europe and India dating from
Mediaeval times. The story is classed as Aarne-Thompson-Uther type 285D, and
its theme is that a broken friendship cannot be mended. While this fable does
admit the possibility of a mutually beneficial relationship between man and
snake, the similarly titled The Farmer and the Viper denies it.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop053pi
==========

:: Title
The Old Man and his Sons

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Old Man and his Sons, sometimes titled The Bundle of Sticks, is an Aesop's
Fable whose moral is that there is strength in unity. The story has been told
about many rulers. It is numbered 53 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop057pi
==========

:: Title
The Old Woman and the Doctor

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Old Woman and the Doctor is a story of Greek origin that was included
among Aesop's Fables and later in the 4th century CE joke book, the
Philogelos. It is numbered 57 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop060pi
==========

:: Title
The Old Man and Death

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Old Man and Death is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 60 in the Perry
Index. Because this was one of the comparatively rare fables featuring humans,
it was the subject of many paintings, especially in France, where Jean de la
Fontaine's adaptation had made it popular.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop065pi
==========

:: Title
The Bear and the Travelers

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Bear and the Travelers is a fable attributed to Aesop and is number 65 in
the Perry Index. This was expanded and given a new meaning in Mediaeval times.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop070pi
==========

:: Title
The Oak and the Reed

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Oak and the Reed is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 70 in the Perry
Index. It appears in many versions: in some it is with many reeds that the oak
converses and in a late rewritten version it disputes with a willow.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop079pi
==========

:: Title
The Cat and the Mice

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Cat and the Mice is a fable attributed to Aesop of which there are several
variants. Sometimes a weasel is the predator; the prey can also be rats and
chickens.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop081pi
==========

:: Title
The Ape and the Fox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ape and the Fox is a fable credited to Aesop and is numbered 81 in the
Perry Index. However, the story goes back before Aesop’s time and an
alternative variant may even be of Asian origin.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop087pi
==========

:: Title
The Goose that Laid the Golden Eggs

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
"The Goose that Laid the Golden Eggs" is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 87 in
the Perry Index, a story that also has a number of Eastern analogues. Many
other stories contain geese that lay golden eggs, though certain versions
change them for hens or other birds that lay golden eggs. The tale has given
rise to the idiom 'killing the goose that lays the golden eggs', which refers
to the short-sighted destruction of a valuable resource, or to an unprofitable
action motivated by greed.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop096pi
==========

:: Title
The Snake in the Thorn Bush

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Snake in the Thorn Bush is a rare fable of Greek origin with a West Asian
analogue. It is numbered 96 among Aesop's Fables in the Perry Index. In Greek
sources, a snake entwined in a thorn hedge is swept away by a flood and mocked
by a fox with the words 'A wicked ship, and worthy of its sailor!' The moral
drawn is that the evil come to grief from the company they keep. The West
Asian variant occurs in the story of Ahikar, where the sage reproaches his
adopted nephew for treacherously returning evil for good: 'Thou hast been to
me as a snake that wound itself round a bramble and fell into a river. A wolf
saw it and said: Lo the evil is mounted on the evil, and evil that which
drives them along.' In later, less reliable versions, the snake rebukes the
wolf for the animals that it has snatched, making it a fable of the pot
calling the kettle black type.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop100pi
==========

:: Title
Momus criticizes the creations of the gods

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Momus was in Greek mythology the personification of satire and mockery, two
stories about whom figure among Aesop's Fables. During the Renaissance,
several literary works used him as a mouthpiece for their criticism of
tyranny, while others later made him a critic of contemporary society. Onstage
he finally became the figure of harmless fun.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop101pi
==========

:: Title
The Bird in Borrowed Feathers

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Bird in Borrowed Feathers is a fable of Classical Greek origin usually
ascribed to Aesop. It has existed in numerous different versions between that
time and the Middle Ages, going by various titles and generally involving
members of the corvid family. The lesson to be learned from it has also
varied, depending on the context in which it was told. Several idioms derive
from the fable.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop106pi
==========

:: Title
Zeus and the Tortoise

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Zeus and the Tortoise appears among Aesop’s Fables and explains how the
tortoise got her shell. It is numbered 106 in the Perry Index. From it derives
the proverbial sentiment that ‘There’s no place like home’.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop115pi
==========

:: Title
The Fowler and the Snake

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fowler and the Snake is a story of Greek origin that demonstrates the fate
of predators. It was counted as one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 115 in
the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop116pi
==========

:: Title
The Crab and the Fox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The tale of the crab and the fox is of Greek origin and is counted as one of
Aesop's fables; it is numbered 116 in the Perry Index. The moral is that one
comes to grief through not sticking to one’s allotted role in life

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop118pi
==========

:: Title
The Beaver

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
In ancient times the beaver was hunted for its testicles, which it was thought
had medicinal qualities. The story that the animal would gnaw these off to
save itself when hunted was preserved by some ancient Greek naturalists and
perpetuated into the Middle Ages. It also appeared as a Greek fable ascribed
to Aesop and is numbered 118 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop124pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Crow

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Crow is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 124 in the Perry
Index. There are early Latin and Greek versions and the fable may even have
been portrayed on an ancient Greek vase. The story is used as a warning
against listening to flattery.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop128pi
==========

:: Title
The Crow and the Snake

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Crow or Raven and the Snake or Serpent is one of Aesop's Fables and
numbered 128 in the Perry Index. Alternative Greek versions exist and two of
these were adopted during the European Renaissance. The fable is not to be
confused with the story of this title in the Panchatantra, which is completely
different.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop130pi
==========

:: Title
The Belly and the Other Members

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Belly and the Members is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 130 in the
Perry Index. It has been interpreted in varying political contexts over the
centuries.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop133pi
==========

:: Title
The Dog and Its Reflection

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Dog and Its Reflection is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 133 in the
Perry Index. The Greek language original was retold in Latin and in this way
was spread across Europe, teaching the lesson to be contented with what one
has and not to relinquish substance for shadow. There also exist Indian
variants of the story. The morals at the end of the fable have provided both
English and French with proverbs and the story has been applied to a variety
of social situations.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop137pi
==========

:: Title
The Impertinent Insect

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
There are no less than five fables concerning an impertinent insect, which is
taken in general to refer to the kind of interfering person who makes himself
out falsely to share in the enterprise of others or to be of greater
importance than he is in reality. Some of these stories are included among
Aesop's Fables, while others are of later origin, and from them have been
derived idioms in English, French and Russian.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop138pi
==========

:: Title
The Frightened Hares

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Hares are proverbially timid and a number of fables have been based on this
behaviour. The best known, often titled "The Hares and the Frogs", appears
among Aesop's Fables and is numbered 138 in the Perry Index. As well as having
an Asian analogue, there have been variant versions over the centuries.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop140pi
==========

:: Title
The Lion in Love

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Lion in Love is a cautionary tale of Greek origin which was counted among
Aesop's Fables and is numbered 140 in the Perry Index. Its present title is a
translation of the one given by Jean de la Fontaine after he retold it in his
fables. Since then it has been treated frequently by artists. It has also
acquired idiomatic force and as such has been used as the title of several
literary works.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop142pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Sick Lion

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Sick Lion is one of Aesop's Fables, well known from Classical
times and numbered 142 in the Perry Index. There is also an Indian analogue.
Interpretations of the story's meaning have differed widely in the course of
two and a half millennia.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop147pi
==========

:: Title
The Lion, the Bear and the Fox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Lion, the Bear and the Fox is one of Aesop's Fables that is numbered 147
in the Perry Index. There are similar story types of both eastern and western
origin in which two disputants lose the object of their dispute to a third.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop150pi
==========

:: Title
The Lion and the Mouse

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Lion and the Mouse is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 150 in the Perry
Index. There are also Eastern variants of the story, all of which demonstrate
mutual dependence regardless of size or status. In the Renaissance the fable
was provided with a sequel condemning social ambition.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop155pi
==========

:: Title
The Wolf and the Lamb

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Wolf and the Lamb is a well-known fable of Aesop and is numbered 155 in
the Perry Index. There are several variant stories of tyrannical injustice in
which a victim is falsely accused and killed despite a reasonable defence.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop167pi
==========

:: Title
The Fly in the Soup

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The story of the fly that fell into the soup while it was cooking was a Greek
fable recorded in both verse and prose and is numbered 167 in the Perry Index.
Its lesson was to meet adverse circumstances with equanimity, but it was
little recorded after Classical times.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop168pi
==========

:: Title
The Shipwrecked Man and the Sea

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
In Greek mythology, Thalassa was the primeval spirit of the sea, whose name
may be of Pre-Greek origin.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop169pi
==========

:: Title
The Young Man and the Swallow

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The young man and the swallow is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 169 in
the Perry Index. It is associated with the ancient proverb 'One swallow
doesn't make a summer'.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop173pi
==========

:: Title
The Honest Woodcutter

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Honest Woodcutter, also known as Mercury and the Woodman and The Golden
Axe, is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 173 in the Perry Index. It serves as a
cautionary tale on the need for cultivating honesty, even at the price of
self-interest. It is also classified as Aarne-Thompson 729: The Axe falls into
the Stream.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop175pi
==========

:: Title
The Travellers and the Plane Tree

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The travellers and the plane tree is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 175 in
the Perry Index. It may be compared with The Walnut Tree as having for theme
ingratitude for benefits received. In this story two travellers rest from the
sun under a plane tree. One of them describes it as useless and the tree
protests at this view when they are manifestly benefiting from its shade.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop176pi
==========

:: Title
The Farmer and the Viper

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Farmer and the Viper is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 176 in the Perry
Index. It has the moral that kindness to evil will be met by betrayal and is
the source of the idiom "to nourish a viper in one's bosom". The fable is not
to be confused with The Snake and the Farmer, which looks back to a situation
when friendship was possible between the two.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop179pi
==========

:: Title
The Ass and his Masters

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ass and his Masters is a fable that has also gone by the alternative
titles The ass and the gardener and Jupiter and the ass. Included among
Aesop's Fables, it is numbered 179 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop181pi
==========

:: Title
The Horse and the Donkey

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Horse and the Donkey is a variant of a fable type recorded since antiquity
of which there is scarcely one version that concerns the same pair of animals.
Included as one of Aesop's Fables and numbered 181 in the Perry Index, its
Greek sources also include a donkey and a mule, while the story is told of an
ox and a donkey in the Mediaeval Latin version of Ademar. In the former the
overburdened donkey asks its companion for help in carrying its load and dies
when this is refused; the other is then forced to carry not only the original
load but the dead animal's skin as well. In Ademar's story the two animals are
yoked together but the ass refuses to pull its weight; when the ox dies of the
strain, the ass is forced to continue pulling and also dies.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop182pi
==========

:: Title
The Ass Carrying an Image

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ass Carrying an image is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 182 in the
Perry Index. It is directed against human conceit but at one period was also
used to illustrate the argument in Canon Law that the sacramental act is not
diminished by the priest's unworthiness.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop188pi
==========

:: Title
The Ass in the Lion's Skin

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ass in the Lion's Skin is one of Aesop's Fables, of which there are two
distinct versions. There are also several Eastern variants, and the story's
interpretation varies accordingly.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop193pi
==========

:: Title
The Bird-catcher and the Blackbird

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Bird-catcher or Fowler and the Blackbird was one of Aesop's Fables,
numbered 193 in the Perry Index. In Greek sources, it featured a lark, but
French and English versions have always named the blackbird as the bird
involved.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop194pi
==========

:: Title
The Farmer and the Stork

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Farmer and the Stork is one of Aesop's fables which appears in Greek in
the collections of both Babrius and Aphthonius and has differed little in the
telling over the centuries. The story relates how a farmer plants traps in his
field to catch the cranes and geese that are stealing the seeds he has sown.
When he checks the traps, he finds among the other birds a stork, who pleads
to be spared because it is harmless and has taken no part in the theft. The
farmer replies that since it has been caught in the company of thieves, it
must suffer the same fate. The moral of the story, which is announced
beforehand in the oldest texts, is that associating with bad companions will
lead to bad consequences.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop196pi
==========

:: Title
The Snake and the Crab

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Speaking of The Snake and the Crab in Ancient Greece was the equivalent of the
modern idiom, 'Pot calling the kettle black'. A fable attributed to Aesop was
eventually created about the two creatures and later still yet another fable
concerning a crab and its offspring was developed to make the same point.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop210pi
==========

:: Title
The Boy Who Cried Wolf

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Boy Who Cried Wolf is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 210 in the Perry
Index. From it is derived the English idiom "to cry wolf", defined as "to give
a false alarm" in Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable and glossed by the
Oxford English Dictionary as meaning to make false claims, with the result
that subsequent true claims are disbelieved.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop213pi
==========

:: Title
The Trees and the Bramble

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Trees and the Bramble is a composite title which covers a number of fables
of similar tendency, ultimately deriving from a Western Asian literary
tradition of debate poems between two contenders. Other related plant fables
include The Oak and the Reed and The Fir and the Bramble.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop225pi
==========

:: Title
The Miser and his Gold

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Miser and his Gold is one of Aesop's Fables that deals directly with human
weaknesses, in this case the wrong use of possessions. Since this is a story
dealing only with humans, it allows the point to be made directly through the
medium of speech rather than be surmised from the situation. It is numbered
225 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop226pi
==========

:: Title
The Tortoise and the Hare

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
"The Tortoise and the Hare" is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 226 in
the Perry Index. The account of a race between unequal partners has attracted
conflicting interpretations. The fable itself is a variant of a common
folktale theme in which ingenuity and trickery are employed to overcome a
stronger opponent.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop235pi
==========

:: Title
The Dove and the Ant

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Dove and the Ant is a story about the reward of compassionate behaviour.
Included among Aesop's Fables, it is numbered 235 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop239pi
==========

:: Title
Horkos, the god of oaths

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
In Greek mythology, the figure of Horkos personifies the curse that will be
inflicted on any person who swears a false oath. In Aesop's Fables there is a
cautionary story, numbered 239 in the Perry Index, indicating that retribution
is swift where the god is defied. Oath-taking and the penalties for perjuring
oneself played an important part in the Ancient Greek concept of justice.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop250pi
==========

:: Title
The Walnut Tree

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Walnut Tree is one of Aesop's fables and numbered 250 in the Perry Index.
It later served as a base for a misogynistic proverb, which encourages the
violence against walnut trees, asses and women.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop252pi
==========

:: Title
The Cock, the Dog and the Fox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Cock, the Dog and the Fox is one of Aesop's Fables and appears as number
252 in the Perry Index. Although it has similarities with other fables where a
predator flatters a bird, such as The Fox and the Crow and Chanticleer and the
Fox, in this one the cock is the victor rather than victim. There are also
Eastern variants of this story.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop269pi
==========

:: Title
The Horse that Lost its Liberty

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The fable of how the horse lost its liberty in the course of settling a petty
conflict exists in two versions involving either a stag or a boar and is
numbered 269 in the Perry Index. When the story is told in a political
context, it warns against seeking a remedy that leaves one worse off than
before. Where economic circumstances are involved, it teaches that
independence is always better than compromised plenty.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop270pi
==========

:: Title
The Trumpeter Taken Captive

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Trumpeter Taken Captive is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 270 in
the Perry Index. One of the rare tales in which only human beings figure, it
teaches that association with wrongdoers makes one equally culpable.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop276pi
==========

:: Title
The Eagle Wounded by an Arrow

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The situation of the Eagle Wounded by an Arrow vaned with its own feathers is
referred to in several ancient Greek sources and is listed as fable 276 in the
Perry Index. It is generally applied to the misery of realising that one has
contributed to one's own injury but also as a warning against self-reliant
pride.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop284pi
==========

:: Title
The Man and the Lion

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The man and the lion (disputing) is one of Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 284
in the Perry Index. An alternative title is The lion and the statue. The
story’s moral is that the source of evidence should be examined before it is
accepted.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop289pi
==========

:: Title
The Frog and the Fox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Frog and the Fox is one of Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 289 in the Perry
Index. It takes the form of a humorous anecdote told against quack doctors.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop291pi
==========

:: Title
Hercules and the Wagoner

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Hercules and the Wagoner or Hercules and the Carter is a fable credited to
Aesop. It is associated with the proverb "God helps those who help
themselves", variations on which are found in other ancient Greek authors.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop300pi
==========

:: Title
The Ass and the Pig

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ass and the Pig is one of Aesop's Fables that was never adopted in the
West but has Eastern variants that remain popular. Their general teaching is
that the easy life and seeming good fortune of others conceal a threat to
their welfare.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop302pi
==========

:: Title
The Woodcutter and the Trees

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The title of The Woodcutter and the Trees covers a complex of fables that are
of West Asian and Greek origins, the latter ascribed to Aesop. All of them
concern the need to be wary of harming oneself through misplaced generosity.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop304pi
==========

:: Title
The Fir and the Bramble

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fir and the Bramble is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 304 in the
Perry Index. It is one of a group in which trees and plants debate together,
which also includes The Trees and the Bramble and The Oak and the Reed. The
contenders in this fable first appear in a Sumerian debate poem of some 250
lines dating from about 2100 BCE, in a genre that was ultimately to spread
through the Near East.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop308pi
==========

:: Title
The Statue of Hermes

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
There are five fables of ancient Greek origin that deal with the statue of
Hermes. All have been classed as burlesques that show disrespect to the god
involved and some scepticism concerning the efficacy of religious statues as
objects of worship. Statues of Hermes differed according to function and
several are referenced in these stories. Only one fable became generally
retold in later times, although two others also achieved some currency.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop312pi
==========

:: Title
The Jar of Blessings

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Pandora's box is an artifact in Greek mythology connected with the myth of
Pandora in Hesiod's Works and Days. In modern times an idiom has grown from it
meaning "Any source of great and unexpected troubles", or alternatively "A
present which seems valuable but which in reality is a curse". Later
depictions of the fatal container have been varied, while some literary and
artistic treatments have focused more on the contents of the idiomatic box
than on Pandora herself. The container mentioned in the original story was
actually a large storage jar but the word was later mistranslated as "box".

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop314pi
==========

:: Title
The Frogs and the Sun

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Frogs and the Sun is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 314 in the
Perry Index. It has been given political applications since Classical times.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop324pi
==========

:: Title
The Sick Kite

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Sick Kite is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 324 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop331pi
==========

:: Title
The Hare in flight

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The reason for the hare to be in flight is that it is an item of prey for many
animals and also subject to hunting by humans. There are three fables of
ancient Greek origin that refer to hare chasing, each of which also
exemplifies a popular idiom or proverb.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop332pi
==========

:: Title
The Mischievous Dog

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Mischievous Dog is one of Aesop's Fables, of which there is a Greek
version by Babrius and a Latin version by Avianus. It is numbered 332 in the
Perry Index. The story concerns a dog that bites the legs of others. Its
master therefore ties a bell around its neck to warn people. The dog, thinking
the bell is a reward, shows it off in the streets until an older dog reminds
him that the bell is not a reward but a sign of disgrace. Victorian editors of
the fables supplied the moral that 'notoriety is often mistaken for fame'.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop336pi
==========

:: Title
The Deer without a Heart

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Deer without a Heart is an ancient fable, attributed to Aesop in Europe
and numbered 336 in the Perry Index. It involves a deer who was twice
persuaded by a wily fox to visit the ailing lion. After the lion had killed
it, the fox stole and ate the deer's heart. When asked where it is, the fox
reasoned that an animal so foolish as to visit a lion in his den cannot have
had one, an argument that reflects the ancient belief that the heart was the
seat of thoughts and intellect. The story is catalogued as type 52 in the
Aarne-Thompson classification system.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop338pi
==========

:: Title
The lion, the boar and the vultures

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The lion, the boar and the vultures is sometimes counted among Aesop’s Fables
and warns against quarrels of which others will take advantage. It is numbered
338 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop339pi
==========

:: Title
The Lion's Share

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The lion's share is an idiomatic expression which now refers to the major
share of something. The phrase derives from the plot of a number of fables
ascribed to Aesop and is used here as their generic title. There are two main
types of story, which exist in several different versions. Other fables exist
in the East that feature division of prey in such a way that the divider gains
the greater part - or even the whole. In English the phrase used in the sense
of nearly all only appeared at the end of the 18th century; the French
equivalent, le partage du lion, is recorded from the start of that century,
following La Fontaine's version of the fable.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop346pi
==========

:: Title
The Dog and the Wolf

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Dog and the Wolf is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 346 in the Perry
Index. It has been popular since antiquity as an object lesson of how freedom
should not be exchanged for comfort or financial gain. An alternative fable
with the same moral concerning different animals is less well known.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop352pi
==========

:: Title
The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse is one of Aesop's Fables. It is number
352 in the Perry Index and type 112 in Aarne–Thompson's folk tale index. Like
several other elements in Aesop's fables, 'town mouse and country mouse' has
become an English idiom.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop367pi
==========

:: Title
War and his Bride

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
In Greek mythology, Polemos or Polemus was a daemon; a divine personification
or embodiment of war. No cult practices or myths are known for him, and as an
abstract representation he figures mainly in allegory and philosophical
discourse. The Roman counterpart of this figure was Bellum.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop369pi
==========

:: Title
The Rose and the Amaranth

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Rose and the Amaranth is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 369 in the Perry
Index. It stands in contrast to those plant fables like The Oak and the Reed
and The Trees and the Bramble in which the protagonists arrogantly debate with
each other. But in this story, the lowly amaranth praises the rose for its
beauty and reputation and is answered, equally humbly, that a rose's life is
brief while the amaranth is everlasting.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop372pi
==========

:: Title
The Bulls and the Lion

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The bulls and the lion is counted as one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 372
in the Perry Index. Originally it illustrated the theme of friendship, which
was later extended to cover political relations as well.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop373pi
==========

:: Title
The Ant and the Grasshopper

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Ant and the Grasshopper, alternatively titled The Grasshopper and the Ant,
is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 373 in the Perry Index. The fable describes
how a hungry grasshopper begs for food from an ant when winter comes and is
refused. The situation sums up moral lessons about the virtues of hard work
and planning for the future.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop374pi
==========

:: Title
The Goat and the Vine

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Goat and the Vine is counted as one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 374
in the Perry Index. There is also a West Asian variant.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop376pi
==========

:: Title
The Frog and the Ox

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Frog and the Ox appears among Aesop's Fables and is numbered 376 in the
Perry Index. The story concerns a frog that tries to inflate itself to the
size of an ox, but bursts in the attempt. It has usually been applied to
socio-economic relations.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop378pi
==========

:: Title
The Two Pots

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Two Pots is one of Aesop's Fables and numbered 378 in the Perry Index. The
fable may stem from proverbial sources.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop384pi
==========

:: Title
The Frog and the Mouse

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Frog and the Mouse is one of Aesop's Fables and exists in several
versions. It is numbered 384 in the Perry Index. There are also Eastern
versions of uncertain origin which are classified as Aarne-Thompson type 278,
concerning unnatural relationships. The stories make the point that the
treacherous are destroyed by their own actions.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop390pi
==========

:: Title
The Crow and the Pitcher

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Crow and the Pitcher is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 390 in the Perry
Index. It relates ancient observation of corvid behaviour that recent
scientific studies have confirmed is goal-directed and indicative of causal
knowledge rather than simply being due to instrumental conditioning.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop393pi
==========

:: Title
Washing the Ethiopian white

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
Washing the Ethiopian White is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 393 in
the Perry Index. The fable is only found in Greek sources and, applied to the
impossibility of changing character, became proverbial at an early date. It
was given greater currency in Europe during the Renaissance by being included
in emblem books and then entered popular culture. There it was often used to
reinforce outright racist attitudes.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop399pi
==========

:: Title
The Swan and the Goose

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The classical legend that the swan sings at death was incorporated into one of
Aesop's Fables, numbered 399 in the Perry Index.  The fable also introduces
the proverbial antithesis between the swan and the goose that gave rise to
such sayings as ‘Every man thinks his own geese are swans’, in reference to
blind partiality, and 'All his swans are turned to geese', referring to a
reverse of fortune.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop406pi
==========

:: Title
The dogs and the lion's skin

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The dogs and the lion's skin is a fable ascribed to Aesop and is numbered 406
in the Perry Index. However, it is only found in a mediaeval Greek manuscript
claiming to be a translation from the Syriac. The story relates how some dogs,
finding the skin of a lion, began to tear it to pieces. Seeing them, a passing
fox remarked, "If this lion were alive, you would soon find out that his claws
were stronger than your teeth."

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop426pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox and the Stork

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fox and the Stork, also known as The Fox and the Crane, is one of Aesop's
fables and is first recorded in the collection of Phaedrus. It is numbered 426
in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop427pi
==========

:: Title
The Fox, the Flies and the Hedgehog

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The fable of the fox, the flies and the hedgehog is ascribed to Aesop’s
Fables. From its beginning it was applied satirically to political leaders and
is numbered 427 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop453pi
==========

:: Title
The Wolf and the Shepherds

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Wolf and the Shepherds is ascribed to Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 453
in the Perry Index. Although related very briefly in the oldest source, some
later authors have drawn it out at great length and moralised that perceptions
differ according to circumstances.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop454pi
==========

:: Title
The Mouse and the Oyster

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The cautionary tale of The Mouse and the Oyster is rarely mentioned in
Classical literature but is counted as one of Aesop's Fables and numbered 454
in the Perry Index. It has been variously interpreted, either as a warning
against gluttony or as a caution against unwary behaviour.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop476pi
==========

:: Title
The Old Man and the Ass

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Old Man and the Ass began as a fable with a political theme. Appearing
among Aesop's Fables, it is numbered 476 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop478pi
==========

:: Title
The Dog and the Sheep

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Dog and the Sheep is one of Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 478 in the
Perry Index. Originally its subject was the consequence of bearing false
witness. However, longer treatments of the story during the Middle Ages change
the focus to deal with perversions of justice by the powerful at the expense
of the poor. It has sometimes been alternatively titled The Wolf, the Dog and
the Sheep in order to distinguish it from the fable of the dispute between the
sheep and the dog that guards them.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop481pi
==========

:: Title
The Lion Grown Old

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The lion grown old is counted among Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 481 in the
Perry Index. It is used in illustration of the insults given those who have
fallen from power and has a similar moral to the fable of The dogs and the
lion's skin. Parallel proverbs of similar meaning were later associated with
it.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop486pi
==========

:: Title
The Kite and the Doves

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Kite and the Doves is a political fable ascribed to Aesop that is numbered
486 in the Perry Index. During the Middle Ages the fable was modified by the
introduction of a hawk as an additional character, followed by a change in the
moral drawn from it.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop493pi
==========

:: Title
The Old Woman and the Wine-jar

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The old woman and the wine jar is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 493 in
the Perry Index. It has been applied to situations where an influence for good
is lasting, such as the effect of education.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop520pi
==========

:: Title
The Mountain in Labour

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Mountain in Labour is one of Aesop's Fables and appears as number 520 in
the Perry Index. The story became proverbial in Classical times and was
applied to a variety of situations. It refers to speech acts which promise
much but deliver little, especially in literary and political contexts. In
more modern times the satirical intention behind the fable was given greater
emphasis following Jean de la Fontaine's interpretation of it. Illustrations
to the text underlined its ironical application particularly and went on to
influence cartoons referring to the fable elsewhere in Europe and America.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop521pi
==========

:: Title
The Fly and the Ant

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Fly and the Ant is one of Aesop’s Fables that appears in the form of a
debate between the two insects. It is numbered 521 in the Perry Index.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop525pi
==========

:: Title
The Bald Man and the Fly

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The story of the bald man and the fly is found in the earliest collection of
Aesop’s Fables and is numbered 525 in the Perry Index. Although it deals with
the theme of just punishment, some later interpreters have used it as a
counsel of restraint.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop553pi
==========

:: Title
The Crow and the Sheep

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Crow and the Sheep is one of Aesop's Fables and is numbered 553 in the
Perry Index. Only Latin versions of it remain.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop01un
=========

:: Title
The Cock and the Jewel

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Cock and the Jewel is a fable attributed to Aesop. It is one of a number
that feature only a single animal. As a trope in literature, the fable is
reminiscent of stories used in zen such as the kōan. It presents, in effect, a
riddle on relative values and is capable of many interpretations, depending on
the point of view from which it is regarded.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop02un
=========

:: Title
The Tortoise and the Birds

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Tortoise and the Birds is a fable of probable folk origin, early versions
of which are found in both India and Greece. There are also African variants.
The moral lessons to be learned from these differ and depend on the context in
which they are told.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


aesop03un
=========

:: Title
The Wolf and the Crane

:: Date
564 BC

:: Description
The Wolf and the Crane is a fable attributed to Aesop that has several eastern
analogues. Similar stories have a lion instead of a wolf, and a stork, heron
or partridge takes the place of the crane.

:: Major Themes

:: Minor Themes


