ds91x01
=======

:: Title
Emissary

:: Date
1993-01-03

:: Description
A new crew is assigned to a former Cardassian space station: Deep Space Nine.
It is a joint Federation/Bajoran force, with Commander Sisko in charge, but
his life is dramatically changed when he is declared the Emissary to the
Prophets by a Bajoran priest.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller.

:: Settings
pond, futuristic cityscape, temple, beach, cavern, rocky landscape, park, white void

:: Aliens
Borg, Cardassian

:: Other Keywords
red alert <0:30, 1:14:46>, yellow alert <54:52>


ds91x02
=======

:: Title
Emissary

:: Date
1993-01-03

:: Description
(double episode)


ds91x03
=======

:: Title
Past Prologue

:: Date
1993-01-10

:: Description
A Bajoran terrorist with ties to Kira arrives on Deep Space Nine and is
pursued by the Cardassians. Garak is introduced.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Katharyn Powers.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Bajoran, Klingon


ds91x04
=======

:: Title
A Man Alone

:: Date
1993-01-17

:: Description
Odo is accused of the murder of a Bajoran murderer.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Gerald Sanford & Michael Piller.

:: Settings
massage parlor,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds91x05
=======

:: Title
Babel

:: Date
1993-01-24

:: Description
A mysterious virus plagues the station, causing speech distortions and
eventually death.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Sally Caves & Ira Steven Behr.

:: Aliens
Bajoran

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Bashir and Surmak Ren for aphasia virus],


ds91x06
=======

:: Title
Captive Pursuit

:: Date
1993-01-31

:: Description
O'Brien befriends an alien from the Gamma Quadrant who is being hunted.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Jill Sherman Donner.

:: Aliens
Tosk, First Hunter's species

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <1:17>


ds91x07
=======

:: Title
Q-Less

:: Date
1993-02-07

:: Description
Q and Vash arrive on Deep Space Nine. However, Vash has realized the annoyance
of Q and wants him to leave her alone.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Hannah Louise Shearer.

:: Aliens
The Q


ds91x08
=======

:: Title
Dax

:: Date
1993-02-14

:: Description
Jadzia Dax is accused of a murder committed by her symbiont in another
lifetime.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Settings
courtroom

:: Aliens
Klaestron, Trill

:: Other Keywords
extradition hearing [extradition hearing held for Jadzia]


ds91x09
=======

:: Title
The Passenger

:: Date
1993-02-21

:: Description
A sinister criminal is hiding in the mind of someone on Deep Space Nine, but
Bashir struggles to understand how it works.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Morgan Gendel.

:: Aliens
Kobliad,

:: Other Keywords
security alert yellow {alert}<34:14>


ds91x10
=======

:: Title
Move Along Home

:: Date
1993-03-14

:: Description
Quark is forced to play a game by the Wadi, a newly encountered species, and
the lives of the crew depend on the outcome.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Michael Piller.

:: Settings
cavern, labyrinth

:: Aliens
Wadi,


ds91x11
=======

:: Title
The Nagus

:: Date
1993-03-21

:: Description
Quark is named as the head of the Ferengi Alliance by Grand Nagus Zek, but he
is now surrounded by enemies.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: David Livingston.

:: Aliens
Ferengi,


ds91x12
=======

:: Title
Vortex

:: Date
1993-04-18

:: Description
Odo discovers he might not be the only one of his kind when a visitor from the
Gamma Quadrant claims he can contact Odo's people.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Sam Rolfe.

:: Aliens
Rakhari, Miradorn, Vulcan


ds91x13
=======

:: Title
Battle Lines

:: Date
1993-04-25

:: Description
The spiritual leader of Bajor, Kai Opaka, travels with Sisko on a trip to the
Gamma Quadrant but is stranded with him on a world where the dead are
resurrected.

Directed by: Paul Lynch. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Settings
rocky landscape, cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Nol-Ennis, Ennis


ds91x14
=======

:: Title
The Storyteller

:: Date
1993-05-02

:: Description
O'Brien is recruited to save a Bajoran village from destruction by a
mysterious cloud creature.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Kurt Michael Bensmiller.

:: Settings
village square

:: Aliens
Bajoran


ds91x15
=======

:: Title
Progress

:: Date
1993-05-09

:: Description
Kira has to deal with a stubborn farmer (Brian Keith) who refuses to leave his
home even though it is slated for demolition.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Settings
garden, farm,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Lissepian


ds91x16
=======

:: Title
If Wishes Were Horses

:: Date
1993-05-16

:: Description
Deep Space Nine is put in jeopardy when the crew's thoughts manifest
themselves, and such figures as Rumpelstiltskin appear.

Directed by: Robert Legato. Story by: Nell McCue Crawford & William L.
Crawford.

:: Aliens
observer aliens of ds91x16,

:: Other Keywords
intruder alert <9:07>, yellow alert <15:30, 41:48>, red alert <35:24>,

:: Associations
tos1x17 [shore leave planet episode; stray thoughts became reality],
tng1x06 [Where No One Has Gone Before; stray thoughts became reality],
tng3x18 [Allegiance; aliens performed experiments on humans],


ds91x17
=======

:: Title
The Forsaken

:: Date
1993-05-23

:: Description
The Federation ambassador from Betazed, Lwaxana Troi, visits the station, and
develops an affection for Odo.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jim Trombetta.

:: Aliens
Betazoid, Arbazan, Vulcan, Bolian, Dopterian

:: Other Keywords
host a diplomat [Lwaxana Troi and other diplomats hosted on space station],


ds91x18
=======

:: Title
Dramatis Personae

:: Date
1993-05-30

:: Description
A Klingon ship comes through the wormhole and explodes. A mutiny is
considered.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Valerian, Saltah'na


ds91x19
=======

:: Title
Duet

:: Date
1993-06-13

:: Description
A visiting Cardassian, Marritza, may in fact be the notorious war criminal Gul
Darhe'el, butcher of Gallitep Labor camp, and Kira is determined to bring him
down.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Lisa Rich & Jeanne Carrigan-Fauci.

:: Settings
brig,

:: Aliens
Kobheerian, Cardassian


ds91x20
=======

:: Title
In the Hands of the Prophets

:: Date
1993-06-20

:: Description
Friction escalates when Vedek Winn arrives on Deep Space Nine and discovers
schoolteacher Keiko O'Brien is teaching about aliens in the Bajoran wormhole.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
schoolroom, pond, public garden

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds92x01
=======

:: Title
The Homecoming

:: Date
1993-09-26

:: Description
Quark gives Kira a Bajoran earring he claims was sent as a message from a
Cardassian mining planet.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Jeri Taylor and Ira Steven Behr.

:: Settings
rock quarry,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Tygarian, Bajoran

:: Association
tng6x23 [Kahless as hero to the Klingons]


ds92x02
=======

:: Title
The Circle

:: Date
1993-10-03

:: Description
The Circle attempts to topple the Bajoran government, but there is more to the
situation than meets the eye.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape, public garden, pond, monastery, cavern

:: Aliens
Kressari, Cardassian


ds92x03
=======

:: Title
The Siege

:: Date
1993-10-10

:: Description
Sisko and Li Nalas help stop Deep Space Nine from being commandeered by the
Bajorans, while Kira and Dax try to put an end to the Circle by presenting
evidence that Minister Jaro is being backed by the Cardassians.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Piller.

:: Settings
cavern, woodland, monastery, council chamber,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds92x04
=======

:: Title
Invasive Procedures

:: Date
1993-10-17

:: Description
A plasma storm leads to the evacuation of most of the station, but a Trill
refugee has his own plans.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: John Whelpley.

:: Aliens
Trill, Klingon, Native of Khefka IV


ds92x05
=======

:: Title
Cardassians

:: Date
1993-10-24

:: Description
Garak investigates the identity of a Cardassian boy, Rugal, abandoned on
Bajor, who has been raised by a Bajoran.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Gene Wolande & John Wright.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape, courtyard

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Bajoran, Zolan's species


ds92x06
=======

:: Title
Melora

:: Date
1993-10-31

:: Description
Bashir tries to help Ensign Melora Pazlar, the first Elaysian to join
Starfleet, adjust to "normal" gravity.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Evan Carlos Somers.

:: Aliens
Elaysian, Klingon, Yridian, Fallit Kot's species

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Bashir for Melora's paralysis],


ds92x07
=======

:: Title
Rules of Acquisition

:: Date
1993-11-07

:: Description
Quark represents Grand Nagus Zek in a plot to establish a Ferengi business
presence in the Gamma Quadrant. Pel, a young Ferengi, teams up with Quark and
they learn that to do business in the Gamma Quadrant they must contact the
Keremma, a member race of the Dominion.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Dosi, Hupyrian


ds92x08
=======

:: Title
Necessary Evil

:: Date
1993-11-14

:: Description
When Quark is shot, Odo re-opens a five-year-old murder case of Mr. Vaatrik
who was a Cardassian collaborator.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian


ds92x09
=======

:: Title
Second Sight

:: Date
1993-11-21

:: Description
A mysterious woman, Fenna, catches Sisko's eye during their fleeting meetings.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Aliens
Halanan

:: Other Keywords
Maltuvis device [Vincent van Gogh, Samuel Beckett, Y'Raka]


ds92x10
=======

:: Title
Sanctuary

:: Date
1993-11-28

:: Description
The Skrreea, displaced humanoid farmers from the Gamma Quadrant, claim Bajor
as Kentanna, their legendary homeland.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Gabe Essoe & Kelley Miles.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Skrreea,

:: Associations
tos3x20	[The Way to Eden]


ds92x11
=======

:: Title
Rivals

:: Date
1994-01-02

:: Description
Quark feels threatened when a charming swindler, Martus Mazur, opens a
competing bar (Club Martus).

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jim Trombetta & Michael Piller.

:: Aliens
Alsia's species, El-Aurian, Cos' species


ds92x12
=======

:: Title
The Alternate

:: Date
1994-01-09

:: Description
A scientist, Dr. Mora Pol of the Bajoran Science Institute, finds a life-form
in the Gamma Quadrant that may be related to Odo.

Directed by: David Carson. Story by: Jim Trombetta and Bill Dial.

:: Settings
ancient ruins, 

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Ferengi

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <19:40>, intruder alert <26:40>, red alert <29:10>


ds92x13
=======

:: Title
Armageddon Game

:: Date
1994-01-30

:: Description
O'Brien and Bashir help two warring races, the Kellerans and T'lani, erase all
knowledge of a deadly biological weapon, but are not trusted to keep what they
have learned a secret.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Morgan Gendel.

:: Settings
bombed out city,

:: Aliens
T'Lani, Kellerun,


ds92x14
=======

:: Title
Whispers

:: Date
1994-02-06

:: Description
While preparing the station for upcoming peace talks, O'Brien discovers that
the crew have been hiding information from him and giving orders behind his
back. O'Brien begins to suspect everyone on the station is gradually being
altered or replaced by an unknown force.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Paul Robert Coyle.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Paradan,

:: Associations
tng4x03 ["Brothers", Data deftly escaped pursuit like O'Brien did if less deftly],


ds92x15
=======

:: Title
Paradise

:: Date
1994-02-13

:: Description
Commander Sisko and Chief O'Brien are stranded on a planet, Aurelius, where
their leader, Alixus, rejects technology, even when it means the death of
others.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Jim Trombetta and James Crocker.

:: Settings
woodland, village square, cavern,

:: Aliens
Orellius colonists


ds92x16
=======

:: Title
Shadowplay

:: Date
1994-02-20

:: Description
Odo and Dax investigate why a village's residents are disappearing.

Directed by: Robert Scheerer. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
village square, hillside 

:: Aliens
holographic Yaderan, Bajoran


ds92x17
=======

:: Title
Playing God

:: Date
1994-02-27

:: Description
A proto-universe threatens to destroy the station and Bajor. Dax has a field
docent (a Trill candidate initiate), named Arjin, whom she helps find his
voice — to discover what he wants from life and from joining.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jim Trombetta.

:: Aliens
Trill, Cardassian,

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <31:03>,


ds92x18
=======

:: Title
Profit and Loss

:: Date
1994-03-20

:: Description
Quark is reunited with his former Cardassian lover, Natima Lang, but she is
engaged in dangerous political intrigue with her students Rekela and Hogue:
they want to reduce the political power of the Cardassian military.

Directed by: Robert Wiemer. Story by: Flip Kobler and Cindy Marcus.

:: Aliens
Cardassian,


ds92x19
=======

:: Title
Blood Oath

:: Date
1994-03-27

:: Description
Jadzia Dax honors an oath made by Curzon Dax to three Klingons (Kor, Koloth,
and Kang), and goes with them on a crusade against their sworn enemy "the
Albino" who murdered their firstborn children as revenge for stopping his raid
on a Klingon colony.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Andrea Moore Alton.

:: Settings
cavern, woodland, control room,

:: Aliens
Klingon,


ds92x20
=======

:: Title
The Maquis, Part I

:: Date
1994-04-24

:: Description
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into
their own hands, forming a terrorist group called 'The Maquis'.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller & Jeri
Taylor and James Crocker.

:: Settings
town square, jungle,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vulcan,


ds92x21
=======

:: Title
The Maquis, Part II

:: Date
1994-05-01

:: Description
Federation colonists reject a treaty with Cardassia and take matters into
their own hands by planning to destroy a weapons depot at the Cardassian Bryma
colony.

Directed by: Corey Allen. Story by: Rick Berman and Michael Piller.

:: Settings
jungle, cavern, town square, council chamber,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vulcan, Xepolite,


ds92x22
=======

:: Title
The Wire

:: Date
1994-05-08

:: Description
In order to save Garak's life, Bashir must unravel some of the secrets in the
Cardassian's past.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Cardasian,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Bashir for Garak's out of control pain implant],


ds92x23
=======

:: Title
Crossover

:: Date
1994-05-15

:: Description
Kira and Bashir accidentally cross into the Mirror Universe, where a Klingon-
Cardassian alliance rules. A century before, James T. Kirk had made a similar
crossover, affecting human and galactic history. Terrans are slaves on the
station.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, 


ds92x24
=======

:: Title
The Collaborator

:: Date
1994-05-22

:: Description
A Bajoran secretary named Kubus, who aided the Cardassian occupation forces
wants to return home from exile. Vedek Winn engages in a power play to become
Kai against Vedek Bareil.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Gary Holland.

:: Settings
monastery, futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds92x25
=======

:: Title
Tribunal

:: Date
1994-06-05

:: Description
O'Brien is declared guilty of an unspecified crime and later "tried" at a
tribunal held on Cardassia Prime.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Bill Dial.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Cardassian,

:: Other Keywords
courtroom drama [Miles put on trial by the Cardassians],


ds92x26
=======

:: Title
The Jem'Hadar

:: Date
1994-06-12

:: Description
Sisko, Jake, Nog, and Quark go camping on a Gamma Quadrant world, but are
captured by mysterious soldiers called the Jem'Hadar and meet a force, the
Dominion, to rival the Federation.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Ira Steven Behr.

:: Settings
woodland, campfire, cavern,

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Vorta,

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <27:28>


ds93x01
=======

:: Title
The Search, Part I

:: Date
1994-09-26

:: Description
Sisko takes the new USS Defiant into the Gamma Quadrant to find the mysterious
leaders of the Dominion and avert a war, while Odo is drawn by instinct
towards his home planet in the Omarion Nebula.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
woodland, pool of ooze,

:: Aliens
Romulan, Karemma, Changeling, Jem'Hadar

:: Other Keywords
red alert <3:29, 24:20> 


ds93x02
=======

:: Title
The Search, Part II

:: Date
1994-10-03

:: Description
Odo begins to connect with his fellow Changelings as Sisko attempts to
negotiate peace with the Dominion.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
rocky landscape, cavern, pool of ooze,

:: Aliens
changeling, Romulan, Vorta, Jem'Hadar,


ds93x03
=======

:: Title
The House of Quark

:: Date
1994-10-10

:: Description
Quark lies about killing a Klingon, Kozak, and is then forced to marry the
widow, Grilka, founding his own 'House of Quark'.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Tom Benko.

:: Aliens
Klingon,


ds93x04
=======

:: Title
Equilibrium

:: Date
1994-10-17

:: Description
A secret from Dax's past could mean the end of the current host's life.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Christopher Teague.

:: Settings
cavern, futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Trill, Trill symbiont,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Bashir and Renhol for Jadzia's immanent symbiont rejection],


ds93x05
=======

:: Title
Second Skin

:: Date
1994-10-24

:: Description
Kira is kidnapped by Cardassians, surgically altered to look Cardassian and
told she is actually an undercover Cardassian agent.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Cardassian,

:: Associations
tng6x14 [Face of the Enemy],


ds93x06
=======

:: Title
The Abandoned

:: Date
1994-10-31

:: Description
Quark purchases a salvaged ship from the Gamma Quadrant and discovers an
infant on board.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: D. Thomas Maio and Steve Warnek.

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Boslic, Zolan's species,


ds93x07
=======

:: Title
Civil Defense

:: Date
1994-11-07

:: Description
Deep Space Nine is progressively locked down after O'Brien, Jake and Sisko
accidentally activate an automated Cardassian security program. The program's
counter-insurgency measures keep escalating until it initiates an auto-
destruct. Gul Dukat beams on board, but is unable to stop the self-destruct
sequence.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Mike Krohn.

:: Aliens
Cardassian,


ds93x08
=======

:: Title
Meridian

:: Date
1994-11-14

:: Description
Dax falls in love with Deral who will soon disappear because he is a member of
Meridian, a planet that phases between dimensions every 60 years.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Hilary J. Bader and Evan Carlos
Somers.

:: Settings
town square, woodland, park, pond,

:: Aliens
Tiron's species, Native of Meridian,


ds93x09
=======

:: Title
Defiant

:: Date
1994-11-21

:: Description
Commander William Riker shows up unannounced and Kira shows him the Defiant,
where he reveals his true motives for coming to Deep Space Nine.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape, control room,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, 

:: Other Keywords
red alert <21:08>

:: Associations
tng4x12 [The Wounded: a rouge Starship and a diplomatic conflict over who should track it down and do what about it with a risk of war],
tng6x24 [Second Chances: Tom Riker struggling with being inferior to William Riker],


ds93x10
=======

:: Title
Fascination

:: Date
1994-11-28

:: Description
Lwaxana Troi pursues Odo during the Bajoran Gratitude Festival as members of
the crew suddenly become infatuated with one another.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and James Crocker.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Betazoid,


ds93x11
=======

:: Title
Past Tense, Part I

:: Date
1995-01-02

:: Description
A transporter accident sends Sisko, Bashir, and Dax three centuries into
Earth's dark past to a time just before the Bell riots, a violent civil
disturbance in opposition to Sanctuaries which are controlled ghettos for the
dispossessed.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
city street, administrative office, upscale office,


ds93x12
=======

:: Title
Past Tense, Part II

:: Date
1995-01-09

:: Description
Sisko assumes the role of a pivotal historical figure, Gabriel Bell, in order
to restore the timeline.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
city street, administrative office, upscale office,


ds93x13
=======

:: Title
Life Support

:: Date
1995-01-31

:: Description
Bashir's ethics are put to the test as he keeps Vedek Bareil alive long enough
to help Kai Winn complete negotiations for a peace treaty with Cardassia.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Christian Ford and Roger Soffer.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,


ds93x14
=======

:: Title
Heart of Stone

:: Date
1995-02-06

:: Description
When Kira's life is put in jeopardy, Odo expresses the depth of his feelings
for her. Meanwhile, back on the station, Nog requests a letter of
recommendation to Starfleet.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
cavern, rocky landscape,

:: Aliens
Changeling,


ds93x15
=======

:: Title
Destiny

:: Date
1995-02-13

:: Description
Despite Trakor's Bajoran prophecy of destruction, Sisko assists in a joint
scientific venture with the Cardassians to open communications through the
Bajoran wormhole.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: David S. Cohen and Martin A. Winer.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <36:42>,


ds93x16
=======

:: Title
Prophet Motive

:: Date
1995-02-20

:: Description
Quark discovers that Grand Nagus Zek has written a new virtuous and benevolent
set of the Rules of Acquisition, which would put an end to the traditional
Ferengi ways.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Hupyrian, Emi's species,


ds93x17
=======

:: Title
Visionary

:: Date
1995-02-27

:: Description
Exposure to radiation causes O'Brien to jump five hours into the future for
brief periods, as Deep Space Nine hosts Romulan and Klingon delegations.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ethan H. Calk.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Romulan,

:: Associations
tos2x13 ["The Trouble with Tribbles" because of the bar brawl started by anthropophobic Klingons],


ds93x18
=======

:: Title
Distant Voices

:: Date
1995-04-10

:: Description
Julian Bashir is subjected to a telepathic attack by an alien seeking a
restricted substance.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Aliens
Lethean, Bajoran,


ds93x19
=======

:: Title
Through the Looking Glass

:: Date
1995-04-17

:: Description
Sisko is convinced by "Smiley" O'Brien from the Mirror Universe to assume the
role of the dead Captain Sisko.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Klingon,


ds93x20
=======

:: Title
Improbable Cause

:: Date
1995-04-24

:: Description
Garak's tailor shop is bombed, forcing Odo to investigate who is trying to
kill the Cardassian exile – and why.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Robert Lederman & David R. Long.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Flaxian, Cardassian, Kobheerian, Romulan, Yalosian,


ds93x21
=======

:: Title
The Die is Cast

:: Date
1995-05-01

:: Description
Garak reluctantly tortures Odo for information to prove his loyalty to his
former mentor, Enabran Tain, as a joint Tal Shiar/Obsidian Order attack on the
Founders in the Omarian Nebula is underway, without Starfleet's involvement.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Romulan, Jem'Hadar,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <4:14>,


ds93x22
=======

:: Title
Explorers

:: Date
1995-05-08

:: Description
Sisko builds a replica of an ancient Bajoran space vessel and with Jake
attempts to prove that the Bajorans developed interstellar travel before
Cardassians.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,


ds93x23
=======

:: Title
Family Business

:: Date
1995-05-15

:: Description
Quark returns to his home planet to confront his mother after hearing from the
Ferengi Commerce Authority that she broke the law by earning profit.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Ferengi,


ds93x24
=======

:: Title
Shakaar

:: Date
1995-05-22

:: Description
Kai Winn needs Kira to convince her former resistance leader, Shakaar, now a
farmer on Bajor, to return soil reclamators needed elsewhere in Rakantha,
which used to be Bajor's most productive agricultural region.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Gordon Dawson.

:: Settings
countryside, farm, cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds93x25
=======

:: Title
Facets

:: Date
1995-06-12

:: Description
Jadzia Dax deals with feelings of inferiority as she encounters past hosts in
a Trill Zhian'tara ceremony which is able to transfer the memories of former
hosts into another recipient.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Trill, 

:: Associations
voy2x24 ["Tuvix" because two people were joined into a single personality that didn't want to go back and we had to wonder whether the new person's right to exist trumped the two past person's rights],


ds93x26
=======

:: Title
The Adversary

:: Date
1995-06-19

:: Description
Ambassador Krajensky informs newly promoted Captain Sisko that there has been
a coup on Tzenketh. A Changeling hides on board the Defiant and sabotages the
ship.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Changeling,


ds94x01
=======

:: Title
The Way of the Warrior

:: Date
1995-10-02

:: Description
A Klingon fleet arrives on its way to expand the Klingon Empire at the expense
of the Cardassians in the face of the Dominion threat, and Worf is brought to
DS9 to negotiate.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Changeling, Klingon, Cardassian, Bajoran,

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <58:00>, red alert <1:04:10, 1:12:52>,


ds94x02
=======

:: Title
The Way of the Warrior

:: Date
1995-10-02

:: Description
(double episode)


ds94x03
=======

:: Title
The Visitor

:: Date
1995-10-09

:: Description
An elderly Jake Sisko relates the story of how he lost his father to a
temporal displacement accident.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Settings
white void,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,

:: Associations
tng5x25 [Picard],


ds94x04
=======

:: Title
Hippocratic Oath

:: Date
1995-10-16

:: Description
Bashir assists a rogue group of Jem'Hadar led by Goran'Agar attempting to
overcome their genetic addiction to Ketracel White. Goran'Agar is able to
survive without the White and enlists the aid of Bashir to try to understand
why.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Nicholas Corea and Lisa Klink.

:: Settings
woodland, cavern,

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Markalian,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Julian for Jem'Hadar drug addiction],


ds94x05
=======

:: Title
Indiscretion

:: Date
1995-10-23

:: Description
Forced to bring along Dukat on a personal mission to investigate the fate of
the Ravinok, Kira discovers the real reason her old enemy wants to accompany
her.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Toni Marberry & Jack Treviño.

:: Settings
desert, cavern,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Bajoran, Breen,


ds94x06
=======

:: Title
Rejoined

:: Date
1995-10-30

:: Description
Dax is reunited with Lenara Kahn, whose previous host was the wife of one of
Dax's former hosts, Torias Dax, and the two struggle with their feelings for
one another.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Trill,


ds94x07
=======

:: Title
Starship Down

:: Date
1995-11-06

:: Description
The USS Defiant becomes trapped in a planet's radiation-filled atmosphere
after battling with the Jem'Hadar.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: David Mack and John J. Ordover.

:: Aliens
Karemma, Jem'Hadar,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <2:43>,

:: Associations
voy1x16 [Tuvok training new cadets]


ds94x08
=======

:: Title
Little Green Men

:: Date
1995-11-13

:: Description
Quark, Rom, Nog, and Odo are accidentally thrust back in time to Roswell, New
Mexico, Earth, in 1947.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Toni Marberry & Jack Treviño.

:: Settings
military base,

:: Aliens
Ferengi,


ds94x09
=======

:: Title
The Sword of Kahless

:: Date
1995-11-20

:: Description
Worf, Dax and a revered Klingon Dahar master, Kor, search for the Sword of
Kahless to unite the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Richard Danus.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Lethean,


ds94x10
=======

:: Title
Our Man Bashir

:: Date
1995-11-27

:: Description
Bashir plays a 1960s secret agent in a holosuite, when Garak unexpectedly
intrudes, but his help is needed when the DS9 computer uses the holosuite to
store the patterns of other crew members during a teleporting accident.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Robert Gillan.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Other Keywords
holodeck gone haywire [Bashir and Garak trapped in James Bond inspired holo-program],


ds94x11
=======

:: Title
Homefront

:: Date
1996-01-01

:: Description
Sisko and Odo are brought to Earth when it's suspected Changelings are
infiltrating Starfleet.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Settings
restaurant,

:: Aliens
Changeling, Grazerite,


ds94x12
=======

:: Title
Paradise Lost

:: Date
1996-01-08

:: Description
As Sisko and Odo prepare for a Dominion invasion, they discover a plot to
place the Federation under military control.

Directed by: Reza Badiyi. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
restaurant,

:: Aliens
Bolian, Grazerite,


ds94x13
=======

:: Title
Crossfire

:: Date
1996-01-29

:: Description
Odo's hidden feelings for Kira surface when the visiting Bajoran First
Minister, Shakaar Edon, begins to court her.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: René Echevarria.


ds94x14
=======

:: Title
Return to Grace

:: Date
1996-02-05

:: Description
Dukat seeks Kira's help in regaining his rank in the Cardassian Empire.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Tom Benko.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Klingon,


ds94x15
=======

:: Title
Sons of Mogh

:: Date
1996-02-12

:: Description
Cast out of Klingon society because of Worf's dishonor, his outcast brother,
Kurn, asks Worf to kill him.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon,

:: Associations
tng5x16 [Ethics: Worf wanting to commit suicide],


ds94x16
=======

:: Title
Bar Association

:: Date
1996-02-19

:: Description
Rom creates a union for Quark's employees and goes on strike.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Barbara J. Lee & Jenifer A. Lee.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Dopterian, Vulcan, Nausicaan,


ds94x17
=======

:: Title
Accession

:: Date
1996-02-26

:: Description
A famous Bajoran poet, Akorem Laan, who disappeared over 200 years ago appears
from the wormhole and convinces Sisko that he is the true Emissary.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jane Espenson.

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds94x18
=======

:: Title
Rules of Engagement

:: Date
1996-04-08

:: Description
Worf accidentally destroys a civilian ship during battle and faces a hearing
to determine whether he should be extradited to the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Vulcan,

:: Other Keywords
courtroom drama [Worf faces an extradition hearing],


ds94x19
=======

:: Title
Hard Time

:: Date
1996-04-15

:: Description
O'Brien's mind has been altered to create memories of being incarcerated for
20 years on an alien world on charges of espionage and sedition.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Daniel Keys Moran and Lynn Barker.

:: Settings
prison cell,

:: Aliens
Argrathi,

:: Associations
tng5x25 [The Inner Light with Picard living an alternate life on alien planet],


ds94x20
=======

:: Title
Shattered Mirror

:: Date
1996-04-22

:: Description
Sisko attempts to rescue Jake after he is lured into the war-torn Mirror
Universe by his mother's living counterpart.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Klingon,


ds94x21
=======

:: Title
The Muse

:: Date
1996-04-29

:: Description
While Odo assists a pregnant Lwaxana Troi, Jake falls under the spell of a
mysterious woman, Onaya.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: René Echevarria and Majel Barrett-
Roddenberry.

:: Aliens
Bolian, Betazoid, Onaya's species, Tavnian,


ds94x22
=======

:: Title
For the Cause

:: Date
1996-05-06

:: Description
Sisko learns that his girlfriend Kasidy might be a Maquis smuggler.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bolian,


ds94x23
=======

:: Title
To the Death

:: Date
1996-05-13

:: Description
Sisko and the Defiant crew join forces with the Jem'Hadar to stop a group of
Jem'Hadar renegades from gaining power.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
woodland,

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Vorta,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <6:30>,


ds94x24
=======

:: Title
The Quickening

:: Date
1996-05-20

:: Description
Bashir tries to free the population of a Gamma Quadrant world in the Teplan
system of an engineered disease left by the Dominion 200 years previously.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Naren Shankar.

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Bashir for the blight],


ds94x25
=======

:: Title
Body Parts

:: Date
1996-06-10

:: Description
Quark is diagnosed with a terminal disease, Dorek's Syndrome, and given a week
to live.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Louis P. DeSantis & Robert J. Bolivar.

:: Aliens
Ferengi,


ds94x26
=======

:: Title
Broken Link

:: Date
1996-06-17

:: Description
Odo collapses and is taken to the infirmary. Bashir discovers Odo is losing
his ability to maintain solid form.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: George A. Brozak.

:: Settings
rocky landscape,

:: Aliens
Changeling, Klingon, Bajoran, Boslic, Jem'Hadar,

:: Other Keywords
combat alert <43:28>,


ds95x01
=======

:: Title
Apocalypse Rising

:: Date
1996-09-30

:: Description
Starfleet assigns Sisko to expose the Changeling infiltrator in the Klingon
Empire.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt
Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, Changeling,


ds95x02
=======

:: Title
The Ship

:: Date
1996-10-07

:: Description
While exploring in the Gamma Quadrant, Sisko, Dax, Worf, and O'Brien see a
Jem'Hadar warship crash on a planet's surface.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Pam Wigginton & Rick Cason.

:: Settings
rocky landscape,

:: Aliens
Benzite, Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Changeling,


ds95x03
=======

:: Title
Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places

:: Date
1996-10-14

:: Description
Worf finds himself attracted to Grilka, Quark's ex wife, when she visits the
station.

Directed by: Andrew J. Robinson. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Aliens
Klingon,


ds95x04
=======

:: Title
...Nor the Battle to the Strong

:: Date
1996-10-21

:: Description
Dr. Bashir has been away at a conference and Jake Sisko has accompanied him to
research a profile he is writing about the doctor. Returning in a runabout,
they get a distress call from a Federation colony under Klingon attack.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Brice R. Parker.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Bolian,


ds95x05
=======

:: Title
The Assignment

:: Date
1996-10-28

:: Description
Keiko returns from a journey and informs O'Brien that she is really an entity
that has taken possession of his wife's body.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: David R. Long & Robert Lederman.

:: Aliens
Pah-wraith,


ds95x06
=======

:: Title
Trials and Tribble-ations

:: Date
1996-11-04

:: Description
Darvin, a disgraced Klingon spy, travels back in time. The DS9 crew must
prevent him from altering the timeline.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler &
Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Tribble,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <19:00>,


ds95x07
=======

:: Title
Let He Who Is Without Sin...

:: Date
1996-11-11

:: Description
Worf and Dax vacation on the pleasure planet, Risa, and encounter unexpected
dangers.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven
Behr.

:: Aliens
Bolian, Risan, Bajoran,


ds95x08
=======

:: Title
Things Past

:: Date
1996-11-18

:: Description
Sisko, Odo, Dax and Garak are found unconscious. While Bashir attempts to
revive their bodies, the four wake up during the Cardassian occupation of
Bajor several years earlier.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Bajoran, Changeling,


ds95x09
=======

:: Title
The Ascent

:: Date
1996-11-25

:: Description
Forced to crash land on a desolate planet, Odo and Quark learn they lost their
communications system, replicator, and most rations in an explosion.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
woodland, mountain,

:: Other Keywords
shuttlecraft for two [Quark and Odo],


ds95x10
=======

:: Title
Rapture

:: Date
1996-12-30

:: Description
An accident causes Sisko to have prophetic visions.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: L.J. Strom.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds95x11
=======

:: Title
The Darkness and the Light

:: Date
1997-01-06

:: Description
Someone is killing Kira's friends off and she might be next.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Bryan Fuller.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <25:30>,


ds95x12
=======

:: Title
The Begotten

:: Date
1997-01-27

:: Description
When Quark discovers an infant Changeling, it has a profound effect on Odo.
Meanwhile, Kira goes into labor.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Changeling, Bajoran,


ds95x13
=======

:: Title
For the Uniform

:: Date
1997-02-03

:: Description
Michael Eddington returns and Sisko becomes obsessed with catching him.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds95x14
=======

:: Title
In Purgatory's Shadow

:: Date
1997-02-10

:: Description
Worf and Garak journey to the Gamma Quadrant to investigate a coded Cardassian
message.

Directed by: Gabrielle Beaumont. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven
Behr.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Klingon, Jem'Hadar, Breen,

:: Other Keywords
yellow alert <24:10>,


ds95x15
=======

:: Title
By Inferno's Light

:: Date
1997-02-17

:: Description
Gul Dukat aligns the Cardassians with the Dominion. The station must deal with
a Changeling infiltrator.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Settings
prison cell,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Klingon, Jem'Hadar, Vorta, Breen, Romulan, Changeling,


ds95x16
=======

:: Title
Doctor Bashir, I Presume?

:: Date
1997-02-24

:: Description
Julian Bashir is selected to become the model for a Long-term Medical
Hologram, until a family secret is revealed.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jimmy Diggs.



ds95x17
=======

:: Title
A Simple Investigation

:: Date
1997-03-31

:: Description
Odo falls in love with a woman, Arissa, involved in the Orion Syndicate.

Directed by: John T. Kretchmer. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Idanian, Finnean,


ds95x18
=======

:: Title
Business as Usual

:: Date
1997-04-07

:: Description
Quark becomes involved with a group of arms dealers, led by his cousin Gaila.

Directed by: Siddig El Fadil. Story by: Bradley Thompson and David Weddle.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Palamarian,


ds95x19
=======

:: Title
Ties of Blood and Water

:: Date
1997-04-14

:: Description
Tekeny Ghemor arrives on Deep Space Nine and reveals that he is dying.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Edmund Newton & Robbin L. Slocum.

:: Settings
cavern, cemetery,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian, Vorta,

:: Other Keywords
red alert <21:50>,


ds95x20
=======

:: Title
Ferengi Love Songs

:: Date
1997-04-21

:: Description
At the end of his rope, Quark returns home and discovers Moogie has a secret
lover.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Hupyrian,


ds95x21
=======

:: Title
Soldiers of the Empire

:: Date
1997-04-28

:: Description
Martok, Worf, and Dax go on a mission aboard a Klingon ship to search for the
B'moth.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Aliens
Klingon,

:: Other Keywords
tactical alert <40:10>,


ds95x22
=======

:: Title
Children of Time

:: Date
1997-05-05

:: Description
An accident causes the crew to meet their own descendants - and presents them
with an ethical dilemma.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Gary Holland and Ethan H. Calk.

:: Settings
town square, field, campfire,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Klingon,


ds95x23
=======

:: Title
Blaze of Glory

:: Date
1997-05-12

:: Description
An act of desperation by the Maquis could plunge the Federation into war. The
Maquis have 30 cloaked missiles headed to Cardassia which will cause an
outbreak of war in the alpha quadrant.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe and Ira Steven Behr.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Jem'Hadar,


ds95x24
=======

:: Title
Empok Nor

:: Date
1997-05-19

:: Description
O'Brien, Garak, Nog and an engineering team go to Deep Space Nine's abandoned
sister space station, Empok Nor, to salvage components. The away team soon
discover that all is not as it seems.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Bryan Fuller.

:: Aliens
Bolian, Cardassian,


ds95x25
=======

:: Title
In the Cards

:: Date
1997-06-09

:: Description
Jake wants to give his father a present to cheer him up, a 1951 Willie Mays
baseball card, but runs into complications with a mysterious geneticist, Dr.
Giger, and a Dominion ambassador group.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: Truly Barr Clark & Scott J. Neal.

:: Aliens
Bajorn, Vorta, Klingon, Jem'Hadar,


ds95x26
=======

:: Title
Call to Arms

:: Date
1997-06-16

:: Description
Faced with the realization that the Dominion are taking over the Alpha
Quadrant, Sisko decides to mine the entrance to the wormhole with self-
replicating cloaked mines, thus beginning the Dominion War.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr and Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Cardassian, Klingon,


ds96x01
=======

:: Title
A Time to Stand

:: Date
1997-09-29

:: Description
Three months into the war, DS9 is still under Dominion control. Sisko and his
crew are given a mission to destroy a vital Ketracel White facility deep in
Dominion space using a captured Jem'Hadar ship. Jake is working for the
Federation News Service. Odo is head of Terok Nor's security supported by the
Vorta Weyoun.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Vorta, Cardassian, Jem'Hadar, Bajoran,


ds96x02
=======

:: Title
Rocks and Shoals

:: Date
1997-10-06

:: Description
Sisko and his tired crew crash on a planet where they encounter a band of
Jem'Hadar.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
cavern, shore,

:: Aliens
Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Bajoran,


ds96x03
=======

:: Title
Sons and Daughters

:: Date
1997-10-13

:: Description
While on General Martok's ship Worf is reunited with his estranged son,
Alexander.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David
Weddle.

:: Aliens
Klingon, Jem'Hadar, Cardassian,


ds96x04
=======

:: Title
Behind the Lines

:: Date
1997-10-20

:: Description
Sisko creates a risky plan to disable a critical Dominion sensor array able to
see 5 sectors out, while on Terok Nor, Kira, Jake, Rom and Odo seek to
undermine the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Cardassian, Changeling,

:: Other Keywords
intruder alert <39:50>,


ds96x05
=======

:: Title
Favor the Bold

:: Date
1997-10-27

:: Description
Learning of thousands of Dominion reinforcements gathering in the Gamma
Quadrant, Sisko initiates a plan to retake Deep Space Nine and secure the
wormhole before the minefield is detonated.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Vulcan, Cardassian, Bajoran, Changeling, Jem'Hadar, Vorta,


ds96x06
=======

:: Title
Sacrifice of Angels

:: Date
1997-11-03

:: Description
Sisko commands the Defiant and 600 Federation ships against a
Dominion/Cardassian armada to retake Deep Space Nine. Damar has Kira, Jake,
and Leeta arrested.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vorta, Klingon, Jem'Hadar, Changeling,


ds96x07
=======

:: Title
You are Cordially Invited...

:: Date
1997-11-10

:: Description
Worf's plans for a traditional Klingon wedding hinge on Martok's demanding
wife, Sirella, accepting Dax into their family.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon,


ds96x08
=======

:: Title
Resurrection

:: Date
1997-11-17

:: Description
The Mirror Universe counterpart of Kira's dead love, Vedek Bareil, takes her
hostage on Deep Space Nine as he is running from the evil Alliance of his
universe.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Michael Taylor.

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds96x09
=======

:: Title
Statistical Probabilities

:: Date
1997-11-24

:: Description
Bashir attempts to reintegrate genetically-engineered misfits into society,
but they are asked by Starfleet to become a think tank when they provide
insightful analysis of upcoming Dominion peace talks.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: Pam Pietroforte.

:: Aliens
Vorta, Cardassian,


ds96x10
=======

:: Title
The Magnificent Ferengi

:: Date
1998-01-01

:: Description
Quark mounts a rescue mission when his mother, Ishka, is captured by the
Dominion and Grand Nagus Zek offers a reward for her return.

Directed by: Chip Chalmers. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Vorta, Jem'Hadar,


ds96x11
=======

:: Title
Waltz

:: Date
1998-01-08

:: Description
Sisko meets with the former Cardassian leader Gul Dukat, now a prisoner, as he
awaits a war crimes investigation.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
cavern, rocky landscape,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vorta,


ds96x12
=======

:: Title
Who Mourns for Morn?

:: Date
1998-02-04

:: Description
Morn is killed in an ion storm and Sisko informs Quark that Morn left his
entire estate to him. But Quark has a little competition.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Mark Gehred-O'Connell.

:: Aliens
Lurian,


ds96x13
=======

:: Title
Far Beyond the Stars

:: Date
1998-02-11

:: Description
After Captain Swofford's ship, the Cortez, is destroyed, Sisko considers
leaving Starfleet.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Marc Scott Zicree.


ds96x14
=======

:: Title
One Little Ship

:: Date
1998-02-18

:: Description
Dax, O'Brien, and Bashir board a Runabout, which is shrunken to four inches
long as they investigate a rare subspace compression phenomenon.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar, Vorta,


ds96x15
=======

:: Title
Honor Among Thieves

:: Date
1998-02-25

:: Description
Starfleet Intelligence recruits Chief O'Brien to infiltrate the Orion
Syndicate to find a Starfleet informant.

Directed by: Allan Eastman. Story by: Philip Kim.

:: Aliens
Farian, Vorta,


ds96x16
=======

:: Title
Change of Heart

:: Date
1998-03-04

:: Description
When Jadzia Dax is critically injured on an away mission, Worf must choose
between saving his wife and completing their assignment.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
jungle,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Jem'Hadar, Ferengi,


ds96x17
=======

:: Title
Wrongs Darker Than Death or Night

:: Date
1998-04-01

:: Description
When Dukat reveals to Kira her mother, Kira Meru, did not die when she was
three, but was actually his lover, Kira goes into the past using the Bajoran
Orb of Time to find the truth.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,


ds96x18
=======

:: Title
Inquisition

:: Date
1998-04-08

:: Description
Bashir is accused of unknowingly spying for the Dominion.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle.

:: Aliens
Vorta, Cardassian, Jem'Hadar,


ds96x19
=======

:: Title
In the Pale Moonlight

:: Date
1998-04-15

:: Description
Sisko asks Garak to help him get the Romulans to join the war against the
Dominion.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Aliens
Romulan, Cardassian,


ds96x20
=======

:: Title
His Way

:: Date
1998-04-22

:: Description
Bashir shows off a new Holosuite program of a martini lounge with a 1960s
Vegas singer named Vic Fontaine who is very perceptive; and gives advice to
Odo when Kira visits her ex-lover Shakaar.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.


ds96x21
=======

:: Title
The Reckoning

:: Date
1998-04-29

:: Description
Sisko is called to Bajor when an ancient tablet addressing the Emissary is
discovered at B'hala.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Harry M. Werksman & Gabrielle
Stanton.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds96x22
=======

:: Title
Valiant

:: Date
1998-05-06

:: Description
Jake and Nog come under attack by the Jem'Hadar and are rescued by a rogue
Defiant class starship, the Valiant, under the command of Starfleet Red
Squadron cadets.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Other Keywords
red alert <25:35>,


ds96x23
=======

:: Title
Profit and Lace

:: Date
1998-05-13

:: Description
Quark helps out when Zek's status as the Ferengi Grand Nagus is put in
jeopardy by proposing equal rights for Ferengi females.

Directed by: Siddig El Faddil. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Hupyrian,


ds96x24
=======

:: Title
Time's Orphan

:: Date
1998-05-20

:: Description
Molly O'Brien disappears in a vortex and reappears as an 18-year-old woman,
but she is now feral, bringing great difficulty for her parents.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Joe Menosky.

:: Settings
meadow, cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Tarkalean,


ds96x25
=======

:: Title
The Sound of Her Voice

:: Date
1998-06-10

:: Description
The Defiant picks up a distress call from Captain Lisa Cusak, whose escape pod
has crashed on a remote planet following the destruction of her ship, the
Olympia.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Pam Pietroforte.

:: Settings
cavern,


ds96x26
=======

:: Title
Tears of the Prophets

:: Date
1998-06-17

:: Description
Starfleet Command begins an offensive against the Dominion, and Sisko is
chosen to lead the invasion of Cardassia, but the Cardassian/Dominion Alliance
has secretly reinforced their borders with unmanned orbital weapons platforms.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vorta, Klingon, Jem'Hadar, Romulan, Bajoran,


ds97x01
=======

:: Title
Image in the Sand

:: Date
1998-09-30

:: Description
With the Bajoran wormhole collapsed, Sisko struggles for a way to contact the
Bajoran Prophets. Kira opens a Romulan military hospital, and a new Dax
appears on the scene.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vorta, Pah-wraith, Wormhole aliens, Romulan, Klingon, Bajoran,

:: Other Keywords
wanton destruction of a table [Worf of table in holo suite],


ds97x02
=======

:: Title
Shadows and Symbols

:: Date
1998-10-07

:: Description
Sisko's quest leads him to the truth about his existence as Kira sets up a
blockade of the Bajoran Moon, Derna, against the Romulans.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
desert,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, Vorta, Romulan, Wormhole Aliens,


ds97x03
=======

:: Title
Afterimage

:: Date
1998-10-14

:: Description
Everyone who knew Jadzia Dax reacts strongly to Ezri Dax's presence,
particularly Worf. Meanwhile Garak suffers from bad claustrophobic attacks.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: René Echevarria.


ds97x04
=======

:: Title
Take Me Out to the Holosuite

:: Date
1998-10-21

:: Description
Sisko must train his staff to play baseball when the Vulcans, led by Solok,
challenge them to a game.

Directed by: Chip Chalmers. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
baseball field,

:: Aliens
Vulcan,


ds97x05
=======

:: Title
Chrysalis

:: Date
1998-10-28

:: Description
Bashir falls for a genetically enhanced patient, Sarina Douglas, that he
brought out of a catatonic state using an experimental medical procedure.

Directed by: Jonathan West. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Julian for Sarina's condition],


ds97x06
=======

:: Title
Treachery, Faith and the Great River

:: Date
1998-11-04

:: Description
A Vorta defector, Weyoun-6, gives Odo valuable information in exchange for
asylum. Weyoun-7, the next clone in the series, pursues them. Meanwhile Nog
engages in a series of barters to get a Graviton Stabilizer for Miles.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: Philip Kim.

:: Settings
cavern, futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Vorta, Changeling, Cardassian, Jem'Hadar, Klingon,


ds97x07
=======

:: Title
Once More unto the Breach

:: Date
1998-11-11

:: Description
Worf finds a battle assignment for Kor, an aging Klingon hero.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Aliens
Klingon,


ds97x08
=======

:: Title
The Siege of AR-558

:: Date
1998-11-18

:: Description
Sisko and crew relieve Starfleet troops under siege by Jem'Hadar at a key
communications outpost, AR-558, the largest Dominion communications array in
the sector.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
rocky landscape, cavern,

:: Aliens
Jem'Hadar,


ds97x09
=======

:: Title
Covenant

:: Date
1998-11-25

:: Description
Dukat, now a religious leader, holds Kira hostage. Mika, one of Dukat's
followers, gives birth to a half-Cardassian child.

Directed by: John Kretchmer. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian,


ds97x10
=======

:: Title
It's Only a Paper Moon

:: Date
1998-12-30

:: Description
Nog struggles with PTSD and begins living with Vic Fontaine.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: David Mack & John J. Ordover.

:: Aliens
Bajoran,


ds97x11
=======

:: Title
Prodigal Daughter

:: Date
1999-01-06

:: Description
Ezri goes to New Sydney to find O'Brien and uncovers some disturbing family
secrets. Miles goes in search of the widow of Liam Bilby, Morica Bilby, whom
he befriended in an undercover operation.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Settings
rocky landscape, cavern,

:: Aliens
Trill, Farian, Fuchida's species,


ds97x12
=======

:: Title
The Emperor's New Cloak

:: Date
1999-02-03

:: Description
Quark and Rom cross into the alternate universe to rescue Grand Nagus Zek.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Klingon, Hupyrian,


ds97x13
=======

:: Title
Field of Fire

:: Date
1999-02-10

:: Description
Ezri summons Joran, a homicidal Dax incarnation from her past, for help in
understanding the mind of a serial killer loose on the station.

Directed by: Tony Dow. Story by: Robert Hewitt Wolfe.

:: Aliens
Trill, Vulcan,


ds97x14
=======

:: Title
Chimera

:: Date
1999-02-17

:: Description
A Changeling, Laas, asks Odo to leave the station and join his search for
other shapeshifters. Laas was with the Varalans and has learned to assume a
space-faring creatures form.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Changeling, Klingon,


ds97x15
=======

:: Title
Badda-Bing Badda-Bang

:: Date
1999-02-24

:: Description
The crew attempt to help Vic Fontaine when Vic's hotel is bought by mobsters
Frankie Eyes and Carl Zeemo.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Other Keywords
holodeck gone haywire [Vic Fontaine's lounge overrun by gangsters],


ds97x16
=======

:: Title
Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges

:: Date
1999-03-03

:: Description
While attending a diplomatic conference on Romulus, Bashir becomes an
unwilling pawn of Section 31.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Romulan,


ds97x17
=======

:: Title
Penumbra

:: Date
1999-04-07

:: Description
Ezri searches for a missing Worf and Sisko makes plans to marry Kasidy Yates.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: René Echevarria.

:: Settings
grass landscape, valley, futuristic cityscape, jungle, campfire,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Vorta, Changeling, Bajoran,


ds97x18
=======

:: Title
'Til Death Do Us Part

:: Date
1999-04-14

:: Description
Captured by the Breen, Ezri and Worf undergo mental torture. Sisko agonizes
over his broken engagement.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Bradley Thompson & David Weddle.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Bajoran, Cardassian, Changeling, Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Breen,


ds97x19
=======

:: Title
Strange Bedfellows

:: Date
1999-04-21

:: Description
An alliance is born between the Dominion and the Breen which will prove
devastating for the Federation. Ezri and Worf are sentenced to death on
Cardassia.

Directed by: René Auberjonois. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Breen, Bajoran, Changeling,


ds97x20
=======

:: Title
The Changing Face of Evil

:: Date
1999-04-28

:: Description
The war reaches a crucial turning point when the Dominion retakes the
Chin'Toka system, the only Allied foothold in enemy space. Meanwhile, Winn
learns that Dukat plans to release the Pah-Wraiths, and Damar leads a revolt
against the Dominion.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, Vorta, Jem'Hadar, Breen, Bajoran, Changeling,


ds97x21
=======

:: Title
When It Rains...

:: Date
1999-05-05

:: Description
Sisko orders Kira to train Cardassians in resistance tactics as Damar's
rebellion gains ground; meanwhile, Bashir makes a shocking discovery about the
disease that is ravaging the Founders.

Directed by: Michael Dorn. Story by: René Echevarria & Spike Steingasser.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape, cavern,

:: Aliens
Klingon, Cardassian, Bajoran, Romulan,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Julian for Odo's condition],


ds97x22
=======

:: Title
Tacking Into the Wind

:: Date
1999-05-12

:: Description
Kira masterminds a plot to steal the Breen energy dampening weapon and Worf
instigates a power shift in the Klingon Empire.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.

:: Settings
cavern,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Bajoran, Changeling, Klingon, Breen, Vorta, Jem'Hadar,

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Julian for Odo's condition],


ds97x23
=======

:: Title
Extreme Measures

:: Date
1999-05-19

:: Description
Bashir and O'Brien must get inside the mind of the man who holds Odo's cure.

Directed by: Steve Posey. Story by: David Weddle & Bradley Thompson.

:: Other Keywords
find a cure [Julian for Odo's condition],


ds97x24
=======

:: Title
The Dogs of War

:: Date
1999-05-26

:: Description
Sisko takes command of a new ship; Kira and Garak face a Dominion ambush on
Cardassia.

Directed by: Avery Brooks. Story by: Peter Allan Fields.

:: Settings
cavern, futuristic cityscape,

:: Aliens
Ferengi, Romulan, Klingon, Bajoran, Hupyrian, Cardassian, Vorta, Breen, Changeling, Jem'Hadar,


ds97x25
=======

:: Title
What You Leave Behind

:: Date
1999-06-02

:: Description
Sisko leads the Federation/Klingon/Romulan alliance in the offensive on the
Cardassian homeworld. Dukat and Winn journey to the fire caves to release the
Pah'Wraiths, and Damar leads his people in a revolution in an attempt to
overthrow their Dominion oppressors.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Ira Steven Behr & Hans Beimler.

:: Settings
futuristic cityscape, cavern, pool of ooze,

:: Aliens
Cardassian, Jem'Hadar, Breen, Bajoran, Vorta, wormhole aliens, Changeling, Klingon,


ds97x26
=======

:: Title
What You Leave Behind

:: Date
1999-06-02

:: Description
(double episode)

