Collection: Star Trek: Voyager
==============================

:: Title
Star Trek: Voyager

:: Date
1995

:: Collections
Collection: Star Trek: Voyager

:: Description
Star Trek: Voyager is a science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe that debuted in 1995 and ended its original run in 2001, with a classic "ship in space" formula like the preceding Star Trek: The Original Series (TOS) and Star Trek: The Next Generation (TNG).

The series takes place during the years 2371 to 2378. It follows the adventures of the Starfleet vessel USS Voyager, which becomes stranded in the Delta Quadrant (on the far side of the Milky Way galaxy, 70,000 light-years from Earth) while searching for a renegade Maquis ship. Voyager has to make the estimated 75-year journey home.

The series was created by Rick Berman, Michael Piller and Jeri Taylor, and is the fifth incarnation of Star Trek, which began with the original Star Trek series that was created by Gene Roddenberry. Voyager was produced for seven seasons, from 1995 to 2001, and is the first Star Trek TV series with a female captain, Kathryn Janeway (played by Kate Mulgrew), as the lead character. Berman served as head executive producer in charge of the overall production for the series during its entire run. He was assisted by a second in command executive producer who generally functioned as the day-to-day showrunner. Four were used throughout the series' run: Michael Piller (EP/showrunner – first and second season), Jeri Taylor (EP – first through fourth seasons, showrunner – third and fourth seasons), Brannon Braga (EP/showrunner – fifth and sixth seasons), and Kenneth Biller (EP/showrunner – seventh season). Star Trek: Voyager aired on UPN and was the network's second-longest-running series. UPN itself would end its production run in 2006. 

:: References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Trek:_Voyager

:: Major Themes
interstellar space travel [Star Trek is all about zipping around in space, seeing what we can find, and building an intergalactic civilization],

:: Minor Themes


voy1x01
=======

:: Title
Caretaker

:: Date
1995-01-16

:: Description
While searching for a missing Maquis ship with a Starfleet spy aboard, USS
Voyager is swept away to the Delta Quadrant, more than 70,000 light-years from
home, by an incredibly powerful being known as the "Caretaker."

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Rick Berman, Michael Piller and Jeri
Taylor.


voy1x02
=======

:: Title
Caretaker

:: Date
1995-01-16

:: Description
While searching for a missing Maquis ship with a Starfleet spy aboard, USS
Voyager is swept away to the Delta Quadrant, more than 70,000 light-years from
home, by an incredibly powerful being known as the "Caretaker."

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Rick Berman, Michael Piller and Jeri
Taylor.


voy1x03
=======

:: Title
Parallax

:: Date
1995-01-23

:: Description
Voyager is trapped in a quantum singularity's event horizon, and Captain
Janeway must decide between Lt. Carey and former Maquis B'Elanna Torres to be
the new chief engineer.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Jim Trombetta.


voy1x04
=======

:: Title
Time and Again

:: Date
1995-01-30

:: Description
Investigating a planet just devastated by a polaric explosion, Janeway and
Paris are engulfed by a subspace fracture and transported in time to before
the accident.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: David Kemper.


voy1x05
=======

:: Title
Phage

:: Date
1995-02-06

:: Description
An organ-harvesting species known as the Vidiians steal Neelix's lungs,
leaving him to die.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Timothy DeHaas.


voy1x06
=======

:: Title
The Cloud

:: Date
1995-02-13

:: Description
The crew enter a nebula to collect samples before realizing it is a living
organism, but not before doing it injury.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy1x07
=======

:: Title
Eye of the Needle

:: Date
1995-02-20

:: Description
A micro-wormhole is discovered that leads to the Alpha Quadrant, and the crew
make contact with a Romulan ship on the other side.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Hilary J. Bader.


voy1x08
=======

:: Title
Ex Post Facto

:: Date
1995-02-27

:: Description
Tom Paris is convicted of murder on an alien world, and his punishment is to
witness the murder from the victim's perspective every 14 hours.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Evan Carlos Somers.


voy1x09
=======

:: Title
Emanations

:: Date
1995-03-13

:: Description
Harry Kim is transported to an alien world at the same time as a dead woman's
body arrives on Voyager.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy1x10
=======

:: Title
Prime Factors

:: Date
1995-03-20

:: Description
A race that could shorten Voyager's journey with a transportation device will
not share its technology.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: David R. George III and Eric A. Stillwell.


voy1x11
=======

:: Title
State of Flux

:: Date
1995-04-10

:: Description
Janeway and the other senior officers attempt to flush out a spy who is
sending information to the Kazon.

Directed by: Robert Scheerer. Story by: Paul Robert Coyle.


voy1x12
=======

:: Title
Heroes and Demons

:: Date
1995-04-24

:: Description
The holographic doctor must rescue crew members who were turned to light
energy in a Holodeck simulation of Beowulf.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Naren Shankar.


voy1x13
=======

:: Title
Cathexis

:: Date
1995-05-01

:: Description
A shuttlecraft with Chakotay and Tuvok aboard is attacked; Chakotay is left
brain-dead, while Tuvok begins acting strangely. An unknown force begins
controlling crewmembers.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy1x14
=======

:: Title
Faces

:: Date
1995-05-08

:: Description
B'Elanna Torres is split into her human and Klingon halves by the Vidiians.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Jonathan Glassner and Kenneth Biller.


voy1x15
=======

:: Title
Jetrel

:: Date
1995-05-15

:: Description
A member of the Haakonians, a race warring with the Talaxians, arrives on
Voyager, much to the dismay of Neelix, whose family was killed by a weapon of
mass destruction this particular individual devised.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: James Thomton and Scott Nimerfro.


voy1x16
=======

:: Title
Learning Curve

:: Date
1995-05-22

:: Description
Tuvok trains several Maquis members who have not fully integrated into the
Voyager crew.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Ronald Wilkerson and Jean Louise
Matthias.


voy2x01
=======

:: Title
The 37s

:: Date
1995-08-28

:: Description
A group of humans from the 1930s are found in stasis on a seemingly abandoned
planet, including the lost Amelia Earhart.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Jeri Taylor and Brannon Braga.


voy2x02
=======

:: Title
Initiations

:: Date
1995-09-04

:: Description
Chakotay encounters a Kazon youth who is on an initiation rite: to earn his
name by killing an enemy or be killed in the attempt.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy2x03
=======

:: Title
Projections

:: Date
1995-09-11

:: Description
The Doctor becomes delusional after an accident, causing him to believe that
he is a flesh-and-blood person and his time on USS Voyager is a holodeck
program.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy2x04
=======

:: Title
Elogium

:: Date
1995-09-18

:: Description
Space-dwelling life-forms cause Kes to enter the Ocampan fertile phase called
Elogium, putting pressure on her relationship with Neelix when she wants to
have his child.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Jimmy Diggs and Steve J. Kay.


voy2x05
=======

:: Title
Non Sequitur

:: Date
1995-09-25

:: Description
Harry Kim wakes up in 24th century San Francisco with no record of him on
Voyager.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy2x06
=======

:: Title
Twisted

:: Date
1995-10-02

:: Description
A region of space distorts the interior of Voyager.

Directed by: Kim Friedman. Story by: Arnold Rudnick and Rich Hosek.


voy2x07
=======

:: Title
Parturition

:: Date
1995-10-09

:: Description
Neelix and Tom Paris fight over Kes, but are sent on an away mission together.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Tom Szollosi.


voy2x08
=======

:: Title
Persistence of Vision

:: Date
1995-10-30

:: Description
The crew experiences hallucinations brought on by an alien that put them into
a trance-like state.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy2x09
=======

:: Title
Tattoo

:: Date
1995-11-06

:: Description
Chakotay encounters non-humans who have the same tattoo on their foreheads
that he has.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Larry Brody.


voy2x10
=======

:: Title
Cold Fire

:: Date
1995-11-13

:: Description
An Ocampan helps Kes with her mental abilities as the crew encounter a being
who appears to be the Caretaker's female counterpart.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Anthony Williams.


voy2x11
=======

:: Title
Maneuvers

:: Date
1995-11-20

:: Description
Kazon Nistrim board Voyager and steal a transporter module in an attempt to
unite the Kazon sects.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy2x12
=======

:: Title
Resistance

:: Date
1995-11-27

:: Description
A mission to acquire Telerium goes wrong causing Tuvok and B'Elanna to be
captured and believed to be with the resistance.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Jan Friedman and Kevin J. Ryan.


voy2x13
=======

:: Title
Prototype

:: Date
1996-01-15

:: Description
The crew finds and reactivates a robot's body which was adrift in space only
to find themselves in the middle of a war when B'Elanna is abducted.

Directed by: Jonathan Frakes. Story by: Nicholas Corea.


voy2x14
=======

:: Title
Alliances

:: Date
1996-01-22

:: Description
Janeway attempts to form an alliance with the Kazon to improve Voyager's
standing in the Delta Quadrant.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy2x15
=======

:: Title
Threshold

:: Date
1996-01-29

:: Description
Tom Paris breaks the transwarp threshold in the Shuttlecraft Cochrane,
designed to reach warp 10, but there are some peculiar side effects.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Michael De Luca.


voy2x16
=======

:: Title
Meld

:: Date
1996-02-05

:: Description
Crewman Lon Suder murders an Engineering crewman for no apparent reason. Tuvok
mind melds with him to ascertain his motive.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Mike Sussman.


voy2x17
=======

:: Title
Dreadnought

:: Date
1996-02-12

:: Description
A highly advanced Cardassian AI missile that had been reprogrammed by B'Elanna
Torres is found in the Delta Quadrant.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Gary Holland.


voy2x18
=======

:: Title
Death Wish

:: Date
1996-02-19

:: Description
The crew encounter a member of the Q Continuum seeking to end his immortal
life.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Shawn Piller.


voy2x19
=======

:: Title
Lifesigns

:: Date
1996-02-26

:: Description
The Doctor helps a Phage-ridden Vidiian woman.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy2x20
=======

:: Title
Investigations

:: Date
1996-03-13

:: Description
Neelix tries to flush out the traitor on board who has been colluding with the
Kazon Nistrim.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Jeff Schnaufer and Ed Bond.


voy2x21
=======

:: Title
Deadlock

:: Date
1996-03-18

:: Description
Attempting to evade the Vidiians, a duplicate Voyager is created after it
passes through a spatial scission.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy2x22
=======

:: Title
Innocence

:: Date
1996-04-08

:: Description
Tuvok crash-lands on a moon and finds children who have been abandoned.

Directed by: James L. Conway. Story by: Anthony Williams.


voy2x23
=======

:: Title
The Thaw

:: Date
1996-04-29

:: Description
The crew finds aliens mentally connected to a computer that has created a
being that feeds on their fear.

Directed by: Marvin V. Rush. Story by: Richard Gadas.


voy2x24
=======

:: Title
Tuvix

:: Date
1996-05-06

:: Description
A transporter accident merges Tuvok and Neelix into a new person.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Andrew Shepard Price and Mark Gaberman.


voy2x25
=======

:: Title
Resolutions

:: Date
1996-05-13

:: Description
Janeway and Chakotay must adapt to life quarantined on a planet after they
contract an incurable disease.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy2x26
=======

:: Title
Basics, Part I

:: Date
1996-05-20

:: Description
Seska and the Kazon-Nistrim take control of Voyager and maroon its crew on a
primitive planet.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Piller.


voy3x01
=======

:: Title
Basics, Part II

:: Date
1996-09-04

:: Description
The crew must learn to survive on the inhospitable planet as the Doctor,
Crewman Suder and Paris attempt to regain control of the ship.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Piller.


voy3x02
=======

:: Title
Flashback

:: Date
1996-09-11

:: Description
Tuvok experiences brain-damaging flashbacks to his service on the Excelsior.
He and the captain attempt to find the reason for the flashbacks, believed to
be a suppressed memory, through a joint mindmeld.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy3x03
=======

:: Title
The Chute

:: Date
1996-09-18

:: Description
Tom Paris and Harry Kim are trapped in a prison. Tom gets stabbed trying to
protect Kim, leaving him to try to find an escape plan alone. Simultaneously,
Voyager is trying to find a way to prove their innocence.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Clayvon C. Harris.


voy3x04
=======

:: Title
The Swarm

:: Date
1996-09-25

:: Description
Voyager encounters a swarm of ships while trying to take a shortcut through a
space belonging to a hostile species, while the Doctor begins to experience
memory loss.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Mike Sussman.


voy3x05
=======

:: Title
False Profits

:: Date
1996-10-02

:: Description
The crew encounters the Delta Quadrant terminus of the Barzan wormhole...and
the two Ferengi from "The Price" now posing as gods on a nearby planet.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: George Brozak.


voy3x06
=======

:: Title
Remember

:: Date
1996-10-09

:: Description
B'Elanna experiences vivid dreams.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy3x07
=======

:: Title
Sacred Ground

:: Date
1996-10-30

:: Description
Kes is left comatose after contacting an energy field around a rock.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Geo Cameron.


voy3x08
=======

:: Title
Future's End, Part I

:: Date
1996-11-06

:: Description
A 29th century timeship causes a time paradox when it accidentally sends
itself and Voyager to two different periods in 20th century Earth.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy3x09
=======

:: Title
Future's End, Part II

:: Date
1996-11-13

:: Description
Janeway must prevent the destruction of the solar system by a 20th century
entrepreneur who has acquired the timeship.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy3x10
=======

:: Title
Warlord

:: Date
1996-11-20

:: Description
Kes is controlled by an alien warlord named Tieran.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Andrew Shepard Price and Mark
Gaberman.


voy3x11
=======

:: Title
The Q and the Grey

:: Date
1996-11-27

:: Description
Q visits Voyager with a proposal for Janeway as civil war breaks out in the Q
Continuum.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Shawn Piller.


voy3x12
=======

:: Title
Macrocosm

:: Date
1996-12-11

:: Description
Voyager answers help from a mining colony about a viral outbreak that manages
to sneak onto Voyager through the transporter, leaving only Janeway and the
Doctor to stop it.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy3x13
=======

:: Title
Fair Trade

:: Date
1997-01-08

:: Description
Voyager approaches the edge of Neelix's knowledge and a trading station.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Ronald Wilkerson and Jean
Louise Matthias.


voy3x14
=======

:: Title
Alter Ego

:: Date
1997-01-15

:: Description
The crew enjoys a luau on the holodeck and Tuvok discovers an unusual
hologram.

Directed by: Robert Picardo. Story by: Joe Menosky.


voy3x15
=======

:: Title
Coda

:: Date
1997-01-29

:: Description
Janeway appears to be trapped in a time-loop with different events, but all
ending in her death.

Directed by: Nancy Malone. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy3x16
=======

:: Title
Blood Fever

:: Date
1997-02-05

:: Description
Vorik passes on the Pon farr to B'Elanna.

Directed by: Andrew Robinson. Story by: Lisa Klink.


voy3x17
=======

:: Title
Unity

:: Date
1997-02-12

:: Description
Chakotay answers a call for help on a planet and finds himself in the middle
of a shoot-out between two groups of people. Meanwhile, the Voyager crew
discovers an abandoned Borg ship.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy3x18
=======

:: Title
Darkling

:: Date
1997-02-19

:: Description
The Doctor tries to graft other personalities into his program, but the
resulting 'upgrade' causes him to develop an evil alternate personality.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy3x19
=======

:: Title
Rise

:: Date
1997-02-26

:: Description
Voyager helps a planet with asteroid problems. Tuvok and Neelix crash-land on
the planet and attempt to fix a maglev space elevator.

Directed by: Robert Scheerer. Story by: Jimmy Diggs.


voy3x20
=======

:: Title
Favorite Son

:: Date
1997-03-19

:: Description
Harry Kim is drawn to a planet that is nearly all women.

Directed by: Marvin V. Rush. Story by: Lisa Klink.


voy3x21
=======

:: Title
Before and After

:: Date
1997-04-09

:: Description
Shortly before her death in the future, Kes begins to travel backwards in
time, with a portion of events occurring in the Year of Hell.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy3x22
=======

:: Title
Real Life

:: Date
1997-04-23

:: Description
The Doctor creates a family on the holodeck.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: Harry 'Doc' Kloor.


voy3x23
=======

:: Title
Distant Origin

:: Date
1997-04-30

:: Description
A reptilian scientist trying to prove his heretical theories kidnaps Chakotay
and draws the entire crew in conflict between his race's doctrine and the
startling truth about its origin.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy3x24
=======

:: Title
Displaced

:: Date
1997-05-07

:: Description
Crew members are replaced one-by-one with aliens from an unknown race.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Lisa Klink.


voy3x25
=======

:: Title
Worst Case Scenario

:: Date
1997-05-14

:: Description
B'Elanna Torres discovers a holodeck program where Chakotay and the Maquis
rebel against Janeway.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy3x26
=======

:: Title
Scorpion, Part I

:: Date
1997-05-21

:: Description
Voyager must pass through Borg space, only to discover a new alien race that
is even deadlier than the Borg.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x01
=======

:: Title
Scorpion, Part II

:: Date
1997-09-03

:: Description
Janeway and Tuvok work with the Borg and meet Seven of Nine as they
collaborate on developing a weapon against Species 8472 in exchange for safe
passage through Borg space.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x02
=======

:: Title
The Gift

:: Date
1997-09-10

:: Description
Kes' mental abilities develop to a point where they endanger Voyager.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: Joe Menosky.


voy4x03
=======

:: Title
Day of Honor

:: Date
1997-09-17

:: Description
B'Elanna tries to observe the Klingon Day of Honor after the warp core is
lost.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy4x04
=======

:: Title
Nemesis

:: Date
1997-09-24

:: Description
Chakotay helps fight in an alien war.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy4x05
=======

:: Title
Revulsion

:: Date
1997-10-01

:: Description
A hologram contacts Voyager and the Doctor is excited to meet another
hologram.

Directed by: Kenneth Biller. Story by: Lisa Klink.


voy4x06
=======

:: Title
The Raven

:: Date
1997-10-08

:: Description
Seven of Nine experiences Borg flashbacks as she attempts to become more
human.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy4x07
=======

:: Title
Scientific Method

:: Date
1997-10-29

:: Description
The crew have unexplained illnesses as they are closely observed by unseen
intruders.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Sherry Klein and Harry 'Doc' Kloor.


voy4x08
=======

:: Title
Year of Hell, Part I

:: Date
1997-11-05

:: Description
Voyager creates a new Astrometrics lab, which maps a new course that brings
them into contact with a Krenim temporal ship that can erase things from
history.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x09
=======

:: Title
Year of Hell, Part II

:: Date
1997-11-12

:: Description
A badly damaged Voyager hides in a nebula as a skeleton crew attempts repairs;
meanwhile the Krenim commander proposes a compromise to Chakotay and Tom
Paris.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x10
=======

:: Title
Random Thoughts

:: Date
1997-11-19

:: Description
Torres is arrested while visiting a world of telepaths where violent thoughts
are a crime.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy4x11
=======

:: Title
Concerning Flight

:: Date
1997-11-26

:: Description
Aliens steal several key components of Voyager, which are retrieved with
assistance from a holographic Leonardo da Vinci.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Jimmy Diggs and Joe Menosky.


voy4x12
=======

:: Title
Mortal Coil

:: Date
1997-12-17

:: Description
Neelix dies in an attempt to sample proto-matter from a nebula. Seven of Nine
helps resuscitate him using Borg nanoprobes, but Neelix, having no memory of
an afterlife of any kind, experiences a spiritual crisis.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy4x13
=======

:: Title
Waking Moments

:: Date
1998-01-14

:: Description
The crew becomes trapped in a shared nightmare generated by alien technology.
Only Chakotay, through his Native American spiritual capabilities, can save
them.

Directed by: Alexander Singer. Story by: André Bormanis.


voy4x14
=======

:: Title
Message in a Bottle

:: Date
1998-01-21

:: Description
The Doctor's program is sent to an advanced Starfleet vessel via a vast
ancient communications network, but he soon discovers that only he and the
ship's own EMH remain to fight against Romulans who have taken over the ship
and are attempting to return to Romulan space with it.

Directed by: Nancy Malone. Story by: Rick Williams.


voy4x15
=======

:: Title
Hunters

:: Date
1998-02-11

:: Description
A transmission from Starfleet Command gets held at a Hirogen relay station and
Janeway sets course to retrieve it.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy4x16
=======

:: Title
Prey

:: Date
1998-02-18

:: Description
Voyager rescues a Hirogen survivor who tells them a new kind of prey is on the
loose.

Directed by: Allan Eastman. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy4x17
=======

:: Title
Retrospect

:: Date
1998-02-25

:: Description
After experiencing unsettling hallucinations, Seven of Nine is hypnotized by
the Doctor whose analysis reveals a trader might have extracted Borg
technology from Seven without her consent.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Andrew Shepard Price and Mark
Gaberman.


voy4x18
=======

:: Title
The Killing Game

:: Date
1998-03-04

:: Description
The Hirogen implant devices into the crew making them believe they are
characters within the holodecks being used for hunts, all set in World War II
Europe.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x19
=======

:: Title
The Killing Game

:: Date
1998-03-04

:: Description
The Hirogen implant devices into the crew making them believe they are
characters within the holodecks being used for hunts, all set in World War II
Europe.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy4x20
=======

:: Title
Vis à Vis

:: Date
1998-04-08

:: Description
An alien shuttle with a prototype propulsion system suddenly appears and
requires assistance. Paris is restless and volunteers to help the pilot,
Steth, repair the shuttle.

Directed by: Jesús Salvador Treviño. Story by: Robert J. Doherty.


voy4x21
=======

:: Title
The Omega Directive

:: Date
1998-04-15

:: Description
Janeway undertakes the Omega Directive, an order to destroy Omega molecules,
even if it means violating the Prime Directive.

Directed by: Victor Lobl. Story by: Jimmy Diggs and Steve J. Kay.


voy4x22
=======

:: Title
Unforgettable

:: Date
1998-04-22

:: Description
An alien female from a cloaked ship asks for Chakotay by name and requests
asylum on Voyager from her people.

Directed by: Andrew Robinson. Story by: Greg Elliot and Michael Perricone.


voy4x23
=======

:: Title
Living Witness

:: Date
1998-04-29

:: Description
A Kyrian museum curator 700 years in the future hopes a Voyager relic
containing a copy of the Doctor can confirm their version of history.

Directed by: Tim Russ. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy4x24
=======

:: Title
Demon

:: Date
1998-05-06

:: Description
Tom Paris and Harry Kim take a shuttle down to an extremely inhospitable
planet to obtain fuel.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: André Bormanis.


voy4x25
=======

:: Title
One

:: Date
1998-05-13

:: Description
Seven of Nine is left alone on Voyager when a nebula's deadly radiation forces
the rest of the crew to stay in stasis and the Doctor's hologram projectors
are disrupted.

Directed by: Kenneth Biller. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy4x26
=======

:: Title
Hope and Fear

:: Date
1998-05-20

:: Description
Paris and Neelix return from a mission with a passenger named Arturis who
knows more than 4,000 languages. He manages to decode a message from Starfleet
that could lead to a way home.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy5x01
=======

:: Title
Night

:: Date
1998-10-14

:: Description
Voyager loses power traversing a dark region of space containing theta
radiation.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy5x02
=======

:: Title
Drone

:: Date
1998-10-21

:: Description
The Doctor's mobile emitter is damaged while beaming back from an away
mission, merging with Seven of Nine's Borg nanoprobes and the DNA of a male
Ensign to create a 29th century Borg.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Bryan Fuller and Harry 'Doc' Kloor.


voy5x03
=======

:: Title
Extreme Risk

:: Date
1998-10-28

:: Description
B'Elanna purposely puts herself into increasingly dangerous situations.
Meanwhile the crew decides to build a new shuttlecraft, the Delta Flyer.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy5x04
=======

:: Title
In the Flesh

:: Date
1998-11-04

:: Description
The ship encounters a training facility for an alien invasion of Earth.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Nick Sagan.


voy5x05
=======

:: Title
Once Upon a Time

:: Date
1998-11-11

:: Description
Neelix looks after Naomi Wildman when her mother is injured on an away
mission.

Directed by: John Kretchmer. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy5x06
=======

:: Title
Timeless

:: Date
1998-11-18

:: Description
Fifteen years in the future, Chakotay and Harry Kim attempt to prevent the
Voyager from crash-landing on an ice planet.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Rick Berman and Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy5x07
=======

:: Title
Infinite Regress

:: Date
1998-11-25

:: Description
When Voyager brings aboard an advanced piece of Borg technology from a
salvaged Borg cube, Seven of Nine begins to take on the personalities of the
people assimilated by the cube.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Robert J. Doherty and Jimmy Diggs.


voy5x08
=======

:: Title
Nothing Human

:: Date
1998-12-02

:: Description
A wounded alien is brought on board from a stranded vessel and attaches itself
to B'Elanna Torres.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Jeri Taylor.


voy5x09
=======

:: Title
Thirty Days

:: Date
1998-12-09

:: Description
Tom Paris disregards orders by helping an aquatic world and is demoted to
Ensign.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Scott Miller.


voy5x10
=======

:: Title
Counterpoint

:: Date
1998-12-16

:: Description
While passing through Devore space, Voyager is routinely searched for
telepaths.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy5x11
=======

:: Title
Latent Image

:: Date
1999-01-20

:: Description
The Doctor finds out that some of his memories have been blocked.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Eileen Connors, Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy5x12
=======

:: Title
Bride of Chaotica!

:: Date
1999-01-27

:: Description
Paris' latest holodeck adventure The Adventures of Captain Proton takes an
unexpected turn.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy5x13
=======

:: Title
Gravity

:: Date
1999-02-03

:: Description
Tuvok and Paris crash on a planet stuck in a pocket of subspace, where they
meet a female named Noss.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Jimmy Diggs, Bryan Fuller and Nick
Sagan.


voy5x14
=======

:: Title
Bliss

:: Date
1999-02-10

:: Description
A large organism telepathically deceives the Voyager crew into flying into its
digestive chamber.

Directed by: Cliff Bole. Story by: Bill Prady.


voy5x15
=======

:: Title
Dark Frontier

:: Date
1999-02-17

:: Description
Janeway plans to steal a transwarp coil from a disabled Borg ship to shorten
their journey home. Seven of Nine experiences memories of her past just before
she and her parents are assimilated and plans to re-join the Borg collective.
The Borg Queen incorrectly tells Seven of Nine that she is the only Borg to
have ever returned to being an individual. (Picard/Locutus also returned to
humanity.)

Directed by: Cliff Bole

Terry Windell. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy5x16
=======

:: Title
Dark Frontier

:: Date
1999-02-17

:: Description
Janeway plans to steal a transwarp coil from a disabled Borg ship to shorten
their journey home. Seven of Nine experiences memories of her past just before
she and her parents are assimilated and plans to re-join the Borg collective.
The Borg Queen incorrectly tells Seven of Nine that she is the only Borg to
have ever returned to being an individual. (Picard/Locutus also returned to
humanity.)

Directed by: Cliff Bole

Terry Windell. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy5x17
=======

:: Title
The Disease

:: Date
1999-02-24

:: Description
Kim finds love when the crew encounters a Varro generational ship that needs
assistance repairing its warp drive.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy5x18
=======

:: Title
Course: Oblivion

:: Date
1999-03-03

:: Description
After Torres and Paris get married, subspace radiation causes the crew and
their ship to disintegrate.

Directed by: Anson Williams. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy5x19
=======

:: Title
The Fight

:: Date
1999-03-24

:: Description
Chakotay lies in sickbay as he attempts to communicate with aliens through
hallucinations.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy5x20
=======

:: Title
Think Tank

:: Date
1999-03-31

:: Description
Voyager is being chased by the Hazari when a think tank offers assistance.

Directed by: Terrence O'Hara. Story by: Rick Berman and Brannon Braga.


voy5x21
=======

:: Title
Juggernaut

:: Date
1999-04-26

:: Description
The crew responds to a distress call from Malon escape pods contaminated with
radiation.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy5x22
=======

:: Title
Someone to Watch Over Me

:: Date
1999-04-28

:: Description
Seven of Nine explores dating with some help from the Doctor.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy5x23
=======

:: Title
11:59

:: Date
1999-05-05

:: Description
Janeway reminisces about one of her ancestors, Shannon O'Donnell from Indiana.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga and Joe Menosky.


voy5x24
=======

:: Title
Relativity

:: Date
1999-05-12

:: Description
Captain Braxton recruits Seven of Nine to stop Voyager being sabotaged.

Directed by: Allan Eastman. Story by: Nick Sagan.


voy5x25
=======

:: Title
Warhead

:: Date
1999-05-19

:: Description
The crew rescues a device with artificial intelligence embedded in rock, that
then proceeds to take control of The Doctor and reveals itself to be a weapon
of mass destruction.

Directed by: John Kretchmer. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy5x26
=======

:: Title
Equinox, Part I

:: Date
1999-05-26

:: Description
Voyager finds another Federation ship, the USS Equinox, under attack from
flying nucleogenic lifeforms.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy6x01
=======

:: Title
Equinox, Part II

:: Date
1999-09-22

:: Description
The crew of the USS Equinox attempts to elude the USS Voyager in order to
exploit the nucleogenic lifeforms in a bid to return home.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Rick Berman, Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy6x02
=======

:: Title
Survival Instinct

:: Date
1999-09-29

:: Description
Three Borg from Seven's past appear, and ask to be completely separated from
the Collective.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Ronald D. Moore.


voy6x03
=======

:: Title
Barge of the Dead

:: Date
1999-10-06

:: Description
B'Elanna's shuttle is hit by an ion storm and she awakens to find herself
among Klingons in the Barge of the Dead, on the way to Klingon Hell.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Ronald D. Moore and Bryan Fuller.


voy6x04
=======

:: Title
Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy

:: Date
1999-10-13

:: Description
The Doctor adds daydreaming to his program, imagining himself as the Emergency
Command Hologram (ECH) aboard Voyager; but aliens, tapping into his
perceptions to observe the crew, prepare an attack when they believe that what
they are seeing in the daydreams is real.

Directed by: John Bruno. Story by: Bill Vallely.


voy6x05
=======

:: Title
Alice

:: Date
1999-10-20

:: Description
Tom Paris becomes obsessed with a salvaged alien shuttlecraft, which appears
to have a mind of its own.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Juliann deLayne.


voy6x06
=======

:: Title
Riddles

:: Date
1999-11-03

:: Description
Returning from a diplomatic mission, Tuvok is attacked by a cloaked intruder
and suffers neurological damage.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: André Bormanis.


voy6x07
=======

:: Title
Dragon's Teeth

:: Date
1999-11-10

:: Description
Voyager discovers a network of subspace passageways, but is forced to land on
a planet after being attacked.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy6x08
=======

:: Title
One Small Step

:: Date
1999-11-17

:: Description
Voyager is nearly hit by a mysterious subspace mass and the crew theorize that
the debris of an ancient Earth–Mars ship is inside.

Directed by: Robert Picardo. Story by: Mike Wollaeger and Jessica Scott.


voy6x09
=======

:: Title
The Voyager Conspiracy

:: Date
1999-11-24

:: Description
After assimilating Voyager's data from the past six years, through an
enhancement to her Borg implants, Seven of Nine suspects the ship did not
arrive in the Delta Quadrant by accident.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Joe Menosky.


voy6x10
=======

:: Title
Pathfinder

:: Date
1999-12-01

:: Description
Barclay gets over-involved with holographic recreations of the Voyager crew in
his attempts to contact them. This episode also features Deanna Troi.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: David Zabel.


voy6x11
=======

:: Title
Fair Haven

:: Date
2000-01-12

:: Description
The crew enjoys a respite inside a holodeck creation designed by Tom Paris,
while Voyager faces the threat of an oncoming storm in space.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Robin Burger.


voy6x12
=======

:: Title
Blink of an Eye

:: Date
2000-01-19

:: Description
Voyager is trapped in orbit about a planet with a space-time differential such
that, while its inhabitants live through years, Voyager experiences mere
minutes.

Directed by: Gabrielle Beaumont. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy6x13
=======

:: Title
Virtuoso

:: Date
2000-01-26

:: Description
Visiting aliens who have never before encountered music become fascinated with
the Doctor's Opera singing, and ask him to leave Voyager and join their
society.

Directed by: Les Landau. Story by: Raf Green.


voy6x14
=======

:: Title
Memorial

:: Date
2000-02-02

:: Description
Chakotay, Tom Paris, Harry Kim, and Neelix begin to experience horrific
flashbacks after an away mission.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy6x15
=======

:: Title
Tsunkatse

:: Date
2000-02-09

:: Description
Seven of Nine and Tuvok are kidnapped while on shore leave, and Seven is
forced to fight in a gladiatorial contest to the death. (Guest stars Dwayne
Johnson.)

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Gannon Kenney.


voy6x16
=======

:: Title
Collective

:: Date
2000-02-16

:: Description
Chakotay, Kim, Paris, and Neelix are taken hostage when the Delta Flyer is
captured by Borg children in a derelict Cube.

Directed by: Allison Liddi. Story by: Andrew Shepard Price and Mark Gaberman.


voy6x17
=======

:: Title
Spirit Folk

:: Date
2000-02-23

:: Description
Problems arise from running the holographic Irish village of Fair Haven non-
stop, when a malfunction leads the holographic characters to become self-
aware.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Bryan Fuller.


voy6x18
=======

:: Title
Ashes to Ashes

:: Date
2000-03-01

:: Description
A deceased crew member resurfaces, claiming to have been resurrected by an
alien race who have since adopted her.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Ronald Wilkerson.


voy6x19
=======

:: Title
Child's Play

:: Date
2000-03-08

:: Description
The family of Icheb, one of the Borg children, is found, but he is reluctant
to rejoin them. Seven, too, is reluctant for him to leave the ship; and his
parents are concealing the real reason for desiring his return.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Paul Brown.


voy6x20
=======

:: Title
Good Shepherd

:: Date
2000-03-15

:: Description
Three crew members who are under-performing are taken on a mission by Janeway.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Dianna Gitto.


voy6x21
=======

:: Title
Live Fast and Prosper

:: Date
2000-04-19

:: Description
Con artists impersonate Janeway and Tuvok.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Robin Burger.


voy6x22
=======

:: Title
Muse

:: Date
2000-04-26

:: Description
Torres is stranded on a bronze-age planet after a crash in the Delta Flyer,
where she helps a playwright adapt the story of Voyager to the stage. Also,
Kim is missing in an escape pod.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Joe Menosky.


voy6x23
=======

:: Title
Fury

:: Date
2000-05-03

:: Description
A much older and more powerful Kes returns to Voyager, and attempts to travel
back in time to change her history.

Directed by: John Bruno. Story by: Rick Berman and Brannon Braga.


voy6x24
=======

:: Title
Life Line

:: Date
2000-05-10

:: Description
The Doctor's creator, Lewis Zimmerman, is dying in the Alpha Quadrant from a
disease similar to the Vidiian phage. The Doctor's compressed matrix is
transferred to Zimmerman's lab on the Jupiter station, to assist Mr. Barclay
and Counselor Troi in attempting to treat the illness.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: John Bruno and Robert Picardo.


voy6x25
=======

:: Title
The Haunting of Deck Twelve

:: Date
2000-05-17

:: Description
As Voyager travels through a nebula, all ship's power is turned off, giving
Neelix an opportunity to tell the Borg children a ghost story.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Mike Sussman.


voy6x26
=======

:: Title
Unimatrix Zero, Part I

:: Date
2000-05-24

:: Description
Janeway, B'Elanna and Tuvok infiltrate a Borg Cube in an attempt to save Borg
drones who are trying to develop individuality.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Mike Sussman.


voy7x01
=======

:: Title
Unimatrix Zero, Part II

:: Date
2000-10-04

:: Description
Janeway, B'Elanna and Tuvok are assimilated by the Borg while attempting to
save the group of drones who have developed individuality.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Mike Sussman, Brannon Braga and Joe
Menosky.


voy7x02
=======

:: Title
Imperfection

:: Date
2000-10-11

:: Description
When her cortical implant malfunctions, Seven of Nine needs a life-saving
transplant.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: André Bormanis.


voy7x03
=======

:: Title
Drive

:: Date
2000-10-18

:: Description
The crew of Voyager enters the Delta Flyer in a sub-warp race, crewed by Tom
Paris and B'Elanna Torres, and events conspire to encourage Tom to propose to
her.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy7x04
=======

:: Title
Repression

:: Date
2000-10-25

:: Description
Ex-Maquis crew members are attacked after a data stream arrives from
Starfleet.

Directed by: Winrich Kolbe. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy7x05
=======

:: Title
Critical Care

:: Date
2000-11-01

:: Description
The Doctor's program is stolen and he is forced to work in an alien hospital,
where he skillfully manipulates the system to provide ethical medical care.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Kenneth Biller and Robert J. Doherty.


voy7x06
=======

:: Title
Inside Man

:: Date
2000-11-08

:: Description
A hologram of Reginald Barclay is sent to Voyager, supposedly to implement a
dangerous plan to bring them home; but the hologram has been tampered with by
some Ferengi, who are trying to steal valuable Borg nanoprobes from Seven of
Nine.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Robert J. Doherty.


voy7x07
=======

:: Title
Body and Soul

:: Date
2000-11-15

:: Description
During an emergency on a mission, The Doctor is forced to upload his program
into Seven of Nine's Borg implants, allowing him to experience real sensations
for the first time.

Directed by: Robert Duncan McNeill. Story by: Michael Taylor.


voy7x08
=======

:: Title
Nightingale

:: Date
2000-11-22

:: Description
Harry Kim takes command of an alien ship that has lost its officers in an
attack.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Robert Lederman and Dave Long.


voy7x09
=======

:: Title
Flesh and Blood

:: Date
2000-11-29

:: Description
Voyager's hologram technology, which Janeway had previously donated to the
Hirogen, has been modified to make the holographic "prey" more cunning,
enabling the hologram characters to rebel against their new masters.

Directed by: Mike Vejar

David Livingston. Story by: Jack Monaco, Bryan Fuller and Raf Green.


voy7x10
=======

:: Title
Flesh and Blood

:: Date
2000-11-29

:: Description
Voyager's hologram technology, which Janeway had previously donated to the
Hirogen, has been modified to make the holographic "prey" more cunning,
enabling the hologram characters to rebel against their new masters.

Directed by: Mike Vejar

David Livingston. Story by: Jack Monaco, Bryan Fuller and Raf Green.


voy7x11
=======

:: Title
Shattered

:: Date
2001-01-17

:: Description
Voyager is fractured into several time periods by an accident, and only
Chakotay is able to move between them, in the process meeting old friends and
old foes from the previous six seasons.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Mike Sussman and Michael Taylor.


voy7x12
=======

:: Title
Lineage

:: Date
2001-01-24

:: Description
Now married to Tom Paris, B'Elanna Torres discovers she is pregnant. The
Doctor tells her to expect a daughter; but B'Elanna's unresolved fear of the
childhood traumas, which she suffered as a part-Klingon girl growing up among
humans, makes her determined to remove her child's Klingon DNA.

Directed by: Peter Lauritson. Story by: James Kahn.


voy7x13
=======

:: Title
Repentance

:: Date
2001-01-31

:: Description
Prisoners are brought onto Voyager from a damaged alien vessel, and the crew
must deliver them to their destination – for execution.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Mike Sussman and Robert J. Doherty.


voy7x14
=======

:: Title
Prophecy

:: Date
2001-02-07

:: Description
Voyager encounters an ancient Klingon battlecruiser. The Klingons aboard it
had set out long ago to find their savior, and they believe it to be Tom and
B'Elanna's unborn child.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Larry Nemecek, J. Kelley Burke, Raf
Green and Kenneth Biller.


voy7x15
=======

:: Title
The Void

:: Date
2001-02-14

:: Description
Voyager is pulled into a void, where the ships that have become trapped attack
each other for food and resources.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Raf Green and Kenneth Biller.


voy7x16
=======

:: Title
Workforce, Part I

:: Date
2001-02-21

:: Description
The Voyager crew is brainwashed into taking new jobs on an industrialized
planet that has a severe labor shortage, leaving only Chakotay, Kim and Neelix
(who were on an away mission) and the Doctor (who, in the absence of the crew,
has become the Emergency Command Hologram) to save them.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Kenneth Biller and Bryan Fuller.


voy7x17
=======

:: Title
Workforce, Part II

:: Date
2001-02-28

:: Description
Chakotay and Neelix take jobs on the new planet, and try to rescue their
amnesiac crewmates – who don't want to leave.

Directed by: Roxann Dawson. Story by: Kenneth Biller and Bryan Fuller.


voy7x18
=======

:: Title
Human Error

:: Date
2001-03-07

:: Description
Seven practices her social skills on the holodeck.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: André Bormanis and Kenneth Biller.


voy7x19
=======

:: Title
Q2

:: Date
2001-04-11

:: Description
Q leaves his son (Q2) on Voyager to learn from the crew.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Kenneth Biller.


voy7x20
=======

:: Title
Author, Author

:: Date
2001-04-18

:: Description
The Doctor writes a holo-novel to be published in the Alpha Quadrant,
featuring characters who closely resemble – but do not flatter – the crew.

Directed by: David Livingston. Story by: Brannon Braga.


voy7x21
=======

:: Title
Friendship One

:: Date
2001-04-25

:: Description
The crew is sent on its first mission by Starfleet in nearly seven years: to
find a lost probe sent by Earth in the 21st century that has ended up in the
Delta Quadrant.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Michael Taylor and Bryan Fuller.


voy7x22
=======

:: Title
Natural Law

:: Date
2001-05-02

:: Description
Seven and Chakotay are stranded on a planet with primitive humanoids.

Directed by: Terry Windell. Story by: Kenneth Biller and James Kahn.


voy7x23
=======

:: Title
Homestead

:: Date
2001-05-09

:: Description
Voyager encounters a Talaxian settlement leaving Neelix with the difficult
decision of whether to leave the crew.

Directed by: LeVar Burton. Story by: Raf Green.


voy7x24
=======

:: Title
Renaissance Man

:: Date
2001-05-16

:: Description
The Doctor is forced to help aliens steal Voyager's warp core.

Directed by: Mike Vejar. Story by: Andrew Shepard Price and Mark Gaberman.


voy7x25
=======

:: Title
Endgame

:: Date
2001-05-23

:: Description
In the future where it took Voyager 23 years to get home, Admiral Janeway
devises a plan to alter history. As the crew enters a final showdown with the
Borg, the two Janeways implement a risky plan to take out one of the six Borg
Transwarp Hubs in the galaxy and simultaneously cross the transwarp threshold
to get home.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman, Kenneth Biller and Brannon
Braga.


voy7x26
=======

:: Title
Endgame

:: Date
2001-05-23

:: Description
In the future where it took Voyager 23 years to get home, Admiral Janeway
devises a plan to alter history. As the crew enters a final showdown with the
Borg, the two Janeways implement a risky plan to take out one of the six Borg
Transwarp Hubs in the galaxy and simultaneously cross the transwarp threshold
to get home.

Directed by: Allan Kroeker. Story by: Rick Berman, Kenneth Biller and Brannon
Braga.


